(PERSON2) Yeah, okay ehm, thank you
So, ehm, yeah okay, o- okay so that -
I saw a message from ehm from the <unintelligible/> meeting
<unintelligible/> as probably alr- already notified all of you that you are beeing recorded now
and you can simply to refrain from speeking if you don't want to be recorded
you yourself and - and don't- don't share anything.
ehm I'll go over the ehm agenda, which I-
because of the- like mix devices that I'm using which I cannot ehm directly ehm share with you
I can only do highlighting in the [ORGANIZATION7] document
so if you're looking at the agenda in this [ORGANIZATION7] document
you will see me selecting the first point and the- the Grand agreement.
Yesterday it was signed by the [ORGANIZATION5]
and now it needs to be signed by ehm all the partners ehm.
So ehm your representative prersons for our case <unintelligible/> ehm
is the ehm the - the legal signatory person has to ehm <unintelligible/> to research <unintelligible/>
click the match project and then ehm click the Grand agreement
It seems like the pdf icon but it's not the download pdf <unintelligible/>
it unrolls small part of that ehm of- of that list
and there will be button to- to sign it.
So I think that everybody will be able to do this ehm in- in the coming days or-
you- you can do it right now.
ehm and ehm if you have any technical problem with finding the button please contact me.
So that we can like explain how to do this.
So as you also know the Grand agreement ehm already includes ehm our project proposal, all the things that we promise to do
so that ehm that now ehm going to be ehm like thirty-five
and the- <unintelligible/> you're being commissionised approved our goals.
So ehm the next item is the concertion agreement and I would like to agree on the final wording.
ehm It will not happen on the call as I mentioned ehm but ehm it ehm should hopefully happen for example by the end of the week or or so.
(PERSON11) the project I also proceeding this ehm this fast.
ehm We got ehm set of suggestions ehm from [ORGANIZATION6] ehm
that [PERSON12] has entered to the ehm [ORGANIZATION7] document because we receive them in ehm in Word ducument
and ehm -
so if you see some comments from [PERSON12] then most of them are actually ehm by [ORGANIZATION6] lawyers
and I went through all of them and I don't think there is anything bad,
it's mainly like minor wording issues.
So our plan is to accept all of those
except the one ehm which was ehm softening the Grand agreement ehm Grand agreement requirements to notify everyone ehm ahead of ehm publication.
So if you're a member ehm ehm s- if you have <unintelligible/>
I could ehm -
can someone <unintelligible/> <parallel_talk/>
[PERSON9], can you - can you make me a presenter one of the [PERSON11]s <laugh/>.
ehm <laugh/> okay
(PERSON3) <unintelligible/> which one.
(PERSON14) One of you, the one that is speaking is a presenter.
(PERSON2) Okay, so, can I ehm still be speaking from the same device but be a presenter from ehm the laptop?
(PERSON3) Maybe, if you switch to the native client and not the web one then I don't know which one it is.
<parallel_talk/>
(PERSON3) Let me just - try s- see when it's the right one.
(PERSON15) I'm speaking <unintelligible/> so -
(PERSON2) Sorry, someone was very quiet, who was that?
(PERSON2) I've heard someone speaking, was that-
(PERSON15) <unintelligible/> turning <unintelligible/> up.
(PERSON2) Yeah, [PERSON12] okay. <parallel_talk/> this one <parallel_talk/> ehm yeah.
(PERSON3) Okay, wrong one.
(PERSON2) That's wrong, yeah that's wrong [PERSON11].
And [PERSON12] your - your voice is very ehm okay -
so <unintelligible/> switch to the <unintelligible/> <other_noise/> <typing/>
<unintelligible/> I can speak ehm on the - on the other connection in the meantime.
So ehm in the - the Grand-
so does everybody know which paragraph ehm I was referring to?
() not the ehm Grand agreement requirement <parallel_talk/>
ehm yeah, well, I haven't heard <parallel_talk/>
(PERSON13) Yeah, page twenty-six.
(PERSON14) Eleven point nine I think.
(PERSON2) Yeah.<parallel_talk/> Yeah. <parallel_talk/>
(PERSON13) I'm not quite sure where we are in this cause all of the crossings <unintelligible/> and so on so -
(PERSON2) Yeah, so now the text - now the text seems crossed out.
(PERSON13) Yeah.
(PERSON2) And ehm we would like to reject this suggestion to delete it so we would like to keep that in.
(PERSON13) Okay.
(PERSON2) It is the text which - which comes originally from our lawyer <parallel_talk/> Yeah. <parallel_talk/> who suggested to remove it again
it was never in the part of - it was never in the template, so we added it and ehm
(PERSON13) Yeah.
(PERSON2) <unintelligible/> and we would still like to keep it.
(PERSON13) So- so sorry, I apologize for not having read all of the lawyers comments.
But what did he propose instead?
(PERSON2) Nothing, just to <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON13) Nothing.
Okay, so then, there will be no obligations of dissemination.
Is that right?
(PERSON2) ehm The Grand agreement has a rule which requires <parallel_talk/> Aha. <parallel_talk/> everybody to ehm to -
yeah, I - I'll - I -
you already see my screen, so I'll try to minimalise this and I'll scroll to that point.
So that you are hopefully now seeing the right thing
and <unintelligible/> certain number.
and this excercise <unintelligible/>.
Was it - was it 9 something?
(PERSON14) Eleven point nine.
(PERSON2) Ele- eleventh point, yes, eleventh point I think, so -
twenty-six, eleven point nine, yes. <parallel_talk/> Mmhm, mmhm. <parallel_talk/>
So <unintelligible/> text, it's what has been proposed by our ehm lawyer and it's -
it's [PERSON12] wanted to remove that but it was your lawyer who wanted to remove that.
(PERSON13) Okay.
(PERSON2) So I will try to -
(PERSON13) So- so- so whatever I'm- I'm- I'm confused what our lawyer wants it to go back to the Grand agreement where we have to specify these fourty-five days, which nobody ever does anyway. 
(PERSON2) Yes, yeah.
(PERSON13) ehm Okay.
And -  results cover <unintelligible/>
I can quite read it , this is crossed <unintelligible/>
(PERSON2) ehm Okay.
So I'll reject it at the moment <laugh/>
(PERSON13) Yeah.
(PERSON2) So I just limited it.
(PERSON13) I mean I- I- I think these restrictions in a publication just impact <unintelligible/> no way, that's the same.
Nobody ever follows them anyway.
(PERSON2) Yeah.
So if you are fine with ehm not following your lawyer's recommendation <parallel_talk/> Yeah. <parallel_talk/> then we're there. <laugh/> 
(PERSON13) Yeah.
I'm not sure whether we understand this but, yeah
I mean he's basically saying don't publish somebody else's results or something like that.
(PERSON13) Yeah, yeah yeah.
This is what you did the last time and if you think that someone would like to <unintelligible/> it, also like don't do it <laugh/>, don't publish it, because publishing is what- what prevents ehm it from <unintelligible/>. 
(PERSON13) Right, so somebody was a <unintelligible/> the obligation is on them to say it to all members <unintelligible/>, look, don't publish anything, yeah.
(PERSON2) Yeah.
(PERSON13) Right.
(PERSON2) Yea yea yea kind of.
Somebody wants to <unintelligible/> that they should <unintelligible/> say so to the ehm to the colleagues of the <unintelligible/>.
ehm I hope that - like it- it -
the wording is ehm-
I think the wording is soft, which ehm <unintelligible/> otherwise <unintelligible/> the protection ehm of -
<unintelligible/> can be listening without our notice, so arrangement, the <unintelligible/>
(PERSON13) Yeah.
(PERSON2) Yea, yea yea, so, so the first  <unintelligible/>, this is -
(PERSON13) I- I don't know, yeah, I mean I-
this was - probably have to-
I suppose, I don't <unintelligible/> more than I do
do we -
are we bound by what the lawyer says, or can we just -
(PERSON8) I don't know I think we'll have to double check both and I would also personally agree that this - clause is fine and we can push back on what the lawyer says.
(PERSON13) Right. <unintelligible/>
(PERSON2) Yeah, I don't know how in [ORGANIZATION6], double check with your lawyers, but I think that our lawyers are not signing it- it anyway
and this is - it's actually the <unintelligible/> signing it.
But you are <unintelligible/> in the end, so ehm I think that y- you can follow or ignore their recommendations.
(PERSON13) Right, right.
(PERSON2) ehm Yeah.
(PERSON13) Okay, we'll check who has to-
(PERSON2) Yeah.
(PERSON13) who has to make the decision, yeah.
(PERSON2) Yeah, so ehm, yeah, so I think that's hopefully ehm clear so you have the extra days that ehm -
or how much you need -
that <unintelligible/> will also have <unintelligible/>.
So ehm <unintelligible/>
okay, so here the resolution is ehm -
so [PERSON5] will double check with their lawyers ehm the paragraph can probably stay in CA despite [ORGANIZATION6]'s lawyers' recommendation.
And another, like a bigger change that was there was that your lawyer suggested option one instead of option two which we have preselected in this joint ownership. 
So let's look at that, 8.2, option one, yeah.
So joint ownership ehm unless otherwise agreed -
each of the joint owner should be entitled to use their jointly owned results for non-commercial research activities on a royalty-free basis without prior content.
and ehm should be entitled to otherwise exploit and to grant non-exclusive licences to third parties.
ehm if the other joint owners are given ehm notice and reasonable conditions.
So, I've checked this ehm and this is the exact wording which appears in the original desktop template and we have originally drop it because it was like too verbose for us <laugh/> and no particular reason, and your lawyer suggested ehm that ehm they would rather use this option one. 
So we are fine with that ehm as well.
(PERSON13) Okay.
(PERSON2) So if everyone is fine ehm with that ehm then ehm [ORGANIZATION4] will accept this reccomendation and use option one, not option two.
(PERSON13) Okay.
(PERSON2) Yeah, so that's the other big point.
And ehm all the other edits seems free to review them in- in the document but all of them semms very minor to me and ehm like ehm -
I haven't seen any implications that would arise some accepting or reducing themselves.
We'll just accept that.
Yeah.
So there is, yeah, there is then ehm the completion of signature pages so I would like to ask [PERSON12] ehm and every partner ehm to check the final -
ehm this is at the end of the document, it is just ehm before the attachements come.
there should be one page per partner with just the signatures and- and that right persons mentioned.
So, it's, ehm ten, eleven,... signatures, yeah.
As witness the parties have caused <other_yawn/> and insert name of a party so everybody in the order as listed at the top of the document ehm
please ehm insert your correct names and people who are signing it ant the titles other know about the date maybe the date we will - we entered only ehm like <unintelligible/>nand Friday.
So [PERSON12] will probably prepare this ehm, or you can do it on your own and ehm make sure to validate it <unintelligible/> we have the right person mentioned there 
so that here is no problem with - with the name.
So let - that signature pages and then there is the background,
so I would like to thank everbody for providing their background information
ehm and ehm I would like to ask everyone ehm now to check ehm every other's background.
So the idea is that whatever is listed in the background ehm will be freely ehm available for the project purposes.
So think of your obligations in the project so what you are expected to deliver and what you ehm -
so [ORGANIZATION1] is going to integrate everything, so [ORGANIZATION1] ehm will have to e- expect ehm -
will have to get the translation systems and- and moduls and- and all this from- from the other parties.
ehm In some cases this is - this will be new results, think that we will be developing the project and that holds for them automatically.
But for something ehm it is existing moduls and these existing moduls need to be mentioned in the background that the party is providing.
Otherwise we would need to like add the background later.
ehm so ehm it is obviously something that we can like resolve later, if we forget something it can be inviting correctly at any point, but if we do it now it will be easier.
So everybody please check that all other parties are providing what you will need for your work, for your obligations.
Some parties, such as us, we mention more things and that's okay as well.
So that- that's not a problem.
But it's important that everybody s- s- sees that they are getting the tools and- and resources for their duties in the project.
So if you have any problem ehm, if you have anything missing ehm, please ehm contact ehm the respective party and - and also <unintelligible/> copy me and- or [PERSON12] and ehm like ehm we should negotiate.
So the ehm I would <unintelligible/> deadline, deadline end of the week.
so by the end of the week please ehm double check that you have - that you are getting the resources that - that you will need.
Okay.
So the next point is then ehm -
so we have discussed that ehm the [ORGANIZATION8] office, whether they would be ehm able to sign the ehm the concertion agreement as it is,
we have even translated it to [OTHER6] for them so that they could review it ehm
and ehm unfortunately the final word is that that they will not be signing this ehm as a partners,
the main reason is that it's ehm run up <unintelligible/> the [OTHER5] law and that would be difficult for them to explain to their lawyers that this is not- no harm ehm to them. 
ehm So, I don't expect that the whole concertion would be happy to switch to ehm to the [OTHER6] law,
ehm we've discussed this ehm already,
and ehm, so instead of ehm of ehm making [ORGANIZATION8] sign this agreement ehm we ehm will be having the lateral agreement,
ehm so [ORGANIZATION8] will indeed like a third party.
formally it's us who is promising that ehm the- the respective things ehm will be available for the project and - and delivered to the - to the project and so on, 
and we will have this- this linguist ehm linguist with the [PROJECT1]
But we also need ehm the [ORGANIZATION8] to be able to use the results from the project, 
so ehm the voice, this is done, that the [ORGANIZATION8] will be listed among ehm the affiliated entities.
And there is an attachement prepared for this already entered ehm as the suggestion [ORGANIZATION8] for that,
so [ORGANIZATION8] is not signing but it appears in at- in the attachement number four,
and ehm that's ehm that's it.
So, I don't think that there is any problem for any other partner with this,
it's our risk ehm
and if [ORGANIZATION8] misbehaves then we will simply find another ehm user and- and find another circumstances to test our tools and so on.
ehm but this is like the worst case scenario nad I don't expect it to happen at all.
Yeah, so, ehm in the link ehm in- in the formal agreement that we will have with the [ORGANIZATION8],
we will make sure that ehm the [ORGANIZATION8] will provide data for trading and testing whatever can be provided and this is of course - this cannot be listed at the moment even because no one knows how much data is there an- and so on. 
So it can be made -
it- it cannot be made more precise this- this specification.
ehm Yeah.
And, ehm, also ehm that ehm the project ehm will get access ehm and - and the option to test the tools ehm at [LOCATION3] events, especially the [ORGANIZATION2] Congress.
ehm And ehm we will also like ehm, again very c- ehm closely follow the description of ehm action or the description of work ehm, to make sure that ehm -
because [ORGANIZATION8] is listed there, actually,
so there are some tasks where [ORGANIZATION8] has some person <unintelligible/> located,
and they are part of some deliver <unintelligible/> in some way, so we'll make sure that this is- this appears in the link ehm between [ORGANIZATION4] and [ORGANIZATION8] in- in some way. 
Okay, so are there any further comments ehm for the concertion agreement?
(PERSON3) Maybe technical one <parallel_talk/> Yeah. <parallel_talk/> ehm, well, you say that [ORGANIZATION8] will provide the access to the Congress and in the hypothetical situation you should replace us, then it will be very hard to fi- find a replacement that will allow you to <unintelligible/> that condition then.
That's the technical one.
(PERSON2) Yeah, yea, yea, yea, that- that's our risk.
Well, this cannot happen.
So you are running the Congress, we will get it. <laugh/>
Well if it does happen we will find another conference, <unintelligible/> there's- there's also like conferences on the field <unintelligible/> in the worst case that, there is conferences around,
but let- let's hope <unintelligible/> not happen.
(PERSON3) Yeah, of course. <laugh/>
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay ehm
so ehm let me just double check whether <unintelligible/> will join the call or not.
This - <unintelligible/>
I do not see -
no -
so it doesn't seem that - that <unintelligible/> the call ehm.
It's not too big problem anyway, ehm because they don't have their word from their lawyers.
So ehm we will treat two calls separately,
hopefully nothing will - ehm nothing serious will come from their lawyer ehm anymore.
ehm And ehm hopefully by the end of the week ehm, the concertion agreement ehm will be in the state which ehm will be like finalised. 
So that we will then circulate it ehm among you so that you can ehm review it for the last time and it should be ready for signing ehm from the next week. 
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so then ehm there is this Doodle for ehm the <unintelligible/> meeting.
ehm We should like to have it like one and half days probably in - in [LOCATION2],
so please indicate ehm your ehm availability ehm for that - ehm for that Doodle poll and we will then, again by the end of the week, ehm try to decide on the date. 
ehm As I wrote in the email today ehm the project officer would also like to join and ehm -
so I told him to - ehm to - ehm fill that poll as well,
and I would like ehm surely [ORGANIZATION8] to - to be there,
and since it's in [LOCATION2] it should be easy for them,
so [PERSON9] ehm, also [ORGANIZATION3] <unintelligible/> should - should indicate his availability.
At least [PERSON1] <unintelligible/>, maybe other people, because there is also like the dissemination activity that we have ehm planned,
so there could be other people,
it's still like ehm lot of time ahead but there wou- there would be the - the try run workshops,
so whoever is involved ehm from [ORGANIZATION8], it would probably be nice to - to attend that ehm event.
(PERSON3) Yeah, I agree.
(PERSON2) Yeah.
And ehm for other partners, it is -
so normally it's like the representative ehm of - of the key research people who are attending this ehm - this meeting,
the interview meetings and the <unintelligible/> meeting,
ehm but ehm I think it could - it would be very useful also especially for the less experienced partners if their administrative people joined this,
ehm so ehm please consider that,
it is your money, your - your travel fond that you have to ehm use this,
so you - you will not get much ehm from us,
you will get some dinner but not - not the accomodation for example,
ehm and ehm so ehm -
but there should be enough in your budget to - to cover ehm as many people as ehm - as you find appropriate.
So - ehm so, when we will have selected the date you will see how many pople from your team make it and then we will plan like numbers and - and see like how to - how to organise it,
but ehm as I said, main message is that we would like to meet also your administrative people.
It - it's probably not necessary for big universities like [ORGANIZATION6] where ehm the administrative people have like thousands of projects per year. <laugh/> 
Okay, so that <unintelligible/>, and ehm yeah, I'm - I'm - yeah,
let's look p- poll later.
And then there is ehm the one more thing,
ehm or there is more thigs
The try run, the very first try run that I have emailed ehm [ORGANIZATION1] ehm <unintelligible/> and [ORGANIZATION6] about some while ago,
I haven't heard from you and I take it as a - as a like - polite way of saying no,
ehm but I would still like to convince you to - to say yes to this.
ehm It's called ehm -
in [OTHER6] it's - it's the ehm it's the congress or fair of non-existing companies,
ehm the [OTHER4] name is - is ehm slightly different,
it is high school students who are coming ehm to - ehm to this event,
and they are presenting ehm some fake companies ehm and ehm everybody ehm like follows and they -
there - there is some competitions about the presentation of these companies and there is a one more competition,
the one like ninety seconds in - in an elevator presentation of the company.
The presentations are run in [OTHER6] or [OTHER4],
it depends on the - on the team,
ehm and ehm [PERSON12] has talked to the high school teacher who is organising this and he was fine with us joining this event,
the only catch is that it's already ehm on March twenty - ehm twenty-second.
And, as I've seen the - the workshop that - ehm [ORGANIZATION8] has - had ehm two weeks ago,
I think it would be very useful for us ehm to see ehm that the life conditions of - of some congress.
So I- I think it- it's a very good opportunity to test it and I've also seen the - the demos that ehm [ORGANIZATION1] and <unintelligible/> had for the technology from the ehm previous project ehm the [ORGANIZATION].
And I think the - the demos were ehm exceptional.
It was very good, so, ehm I would really like t- to see ehm some similar set-up ehm tested in practice,
ehm because ehm like that- that's a harsh with high school students and their bad [OTHER4] pronunciation and ehm [OTHER6] ehm which we don't have modul form and so no.
So, ehm yeah.
So - so our - our i- invitation is in these to go for this and ehm and - and run it as a good as wee can ehm, and I would like you to - to take part.
So I'm not requiring ehm asking anyone to attend [LOCATION2] in person unless you would like to,
ehm but ehm I would like to ask for your assistance with the existing moduls and tools,
so that we could test it with - with the [PROJECT2] tools, ehm and not some like - some other solution that there is - there is ways how we could replace various components ehm from ehm [PROJECT2] with other tools,
but I would like to go as close ehm from the technical point of view, as we'll be delivering for the [ORGANIZATION8] in the coming years.
(PERSON7) So ehm <unintelligible/> from the IT side we can do the ehm - the ehm <unintelligible/> [ORGANIZATION1] would be <unintelligible/> seems the proper clause in any way can be <unintelligible/>
(PERSON2) I- I'm sorry, it's very hard for me to understand, I try to switch off my ehm -
So I'm now <parallel_talk/> -
Yeah
(PERSON14) I understood the question ehm so, ehm [PERSON1], I confirm that we can use the ehm Explore protocol and the- the protocol you're - you already have used in the past project,
and the mediator is <unintelligible/> so, yeah, available for testing even immediately.
<cough/>
(PERSON7) Yes it should be <unintelligible/> to the <unintelligible/>,
which language <unintelligible/>
(PERSON14) I- I haven't - I didn't understand [PERSON1]
(PERSON7) My question was which language directions we might have.
(PERSON2) Yes, so it would be only [OTHER4] to [OTHER6] and [OTHER6] to [OTHER4], but we <unintelligible/> don't have [OTHER6], so - <laugh/>
we'll se, whatever is -
(PERSON7) <unintelligible/> I can do [OTHER4] to something?
And [OTHER3] to something?
ehm But currently the [OTHER6] <unintelligible/>
(PERSON15) So ehm the <unintelligible/> trade of ficticious companies ehm -
it's organised in [LOCATION2] and ehm ficticious companies from ehm economics high schools from all over the [LOCATION3] will come to [LOCATION2], but the main communication language will be [OTHER4],
so mainly it will be from [OTHER4] to [OTHER6] and since there will be also a lot of companies from the [LOCATION4], so -
also from [OTHER6] to [OTHER4]. [PERSON1] Are there going to be [OTHER3] companies for example?
Or [OTHER3] high school students?
(PERSON15) ehm There should be ehm, they ehm -
(PERSON7) So we could for example do [OTHER4] to [OTHER3] <unintelligible/>, [OTHER4] we can also do [OTHER4] to [OTHER2], [OTHER3] to [OTHER2], [OTHER4] to [OTHER1] for example, [OTHER3] to [OTHER1] …
(PERSON15) They still don't know how many companies will come, because they opened the registration like two weeks ago, so they still don't have too many companies signed in. 
(PERSON7) I have - a- a- another question on this topic, ehm
regarding the older recording ehm,
<unintelligible/> how ehm the older collection would be done?
 Directly from the event organisation, from the event ehm recoring facilities, or -
so - so - is there any recording facility in the ehm, where the event will take place?
Or ehm is it something that needs to be ehm set up for the event?
(PERSON2) So I no- I don't know how much [PERSON12] knows about this,
I would expect, but [PERSON12] should ehm to - ehm should double check with the organizers ehm that they have standard amplification system,
so they will probably have ehm headsets for the speakers ehm and ehm there will be the- the standard mixing ehm - like desk,
and I hope that we will be able to - to connect to this,
but I don't expect them to have any digital ehm - any ehm - like digitalisation of - of the sound,
so I don't expect the recording ehm would be available in any digital form and this is where we should connect.
(PERSON15) ehm I believe that five years ago it was ehm that the speakers had only microphones and there was the mixing pult and some computers.
(PERSON7) Good enough, we can work with that.
(PERSON14) Okay, and the - the other question was regarding the publishing of the result,
do you think ehm - it is important also to publish <cough/> the output ehm online?
Because ehm, I mean, on a website, because the web publishing is a part of the project.
(PERSON14) Yeah, we've got <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON2) ehm Yeah s- so I don't know the- what exactly does [PROJECT1] platform offer,
ehm
we have not talked about ehm the publication of this - ehm of the recordings ehm and anything ehm like that with the organizes so we should - we should check if there they want it or if they ehm deliberately don't want any publishing and then we will see whether these matches were the standard [PROJECT1] ehm pipeline. 
So ehm I could imagine that they don't want any published videos but I could also imagine that they actually do want the extra ehm visibility.
So, we have to talk to them.
So what is <parallel_talk/> What if the website available that you can ehm see the results. <parallel_talk/>
Okay, so the default is that it is published and ehm they would have to opt out and there would be some extra work for you.
(PERSON4) But that's not ext- no extra work, we just don't show the website.
(PERSON2) Okay <laugh/>, okay, yes, so - so we can even offer to them ehm to have this published so that ehm like other participants and remote participants can see this. 
(PERSON4) Okay -
(PERSON14) The last question was regarding ehm the - the [OTHER6] ASR, because ehm [PERSON1] talked about the machine translation and -
but still where is the need of the [OTHER6] ASR,
so ehm who you integrate the [OTHER6] ASR you've the service architecture you know the two provide the imput for the machine translation.
(PERSON4) ehm So ehm, just to be clear,
(PERSON14) we don't have any [OTHER6] ASR, but I don't think that we will have a first manager available by ehm - by the twenty-one by March,
and ehm I don't think we currently also don't have a machine translation system that does from to [OTHER6].
(PERSON2) Yeah, so we - we do have a [OTHER6] to [OTHER4] and [OTHER4] to [OTHER6] machine translation system available on the web already,
it's transformer, it's twained on individual sentences, so it will be harsh conditions for this,
it's like the best performing one ehm this year, but at the level of sentences and we ehm the segment that will come from the ASR, even the [OTHER4] one, will probaly not be sentences. 
So we can <parallel_talk/> <unintelligible/> <parallel_talk/>
You can provide sentences, full sentences, right?
(PERSON4) Exactly so we provide a flowed text that includes ehm punctuation so you can segment on the punctuation marks and then you can ehm translate sentence per sentence if you want to, you just need to implement a ehm protocol and how to send the results in the correct format. 
(PERSON2) So I think that the two months like January and February should be sufficient ehm to implement this protocol ehm,
so ehm I would like to get the technical details from you ehm whenever you have them at hand so that I can see ehm how different is that from the way that ehm call our ehm machine translation system,
so that will ehm covering at least the [OTHER4] to [OTHER6] translation, so this is something that we almost have at hand,
and for the [OTHER6] ASR ehm -
I don't know how difficult it is to train ehm a [OTHER6] ASR modul,
a student of mine has done it with some ehm other tools, ehm I haven't done it myself and the student has left unfortunately.
ehm So, there is some data available, I can find it and I could even search for more data,
ehm and I don't have a person at hand, but I could try t- to find, so -
so I would be ehm rather unclear, I would say that it may be the case that we will have [OTHER6] ASR as well,
ehm but it also may be the case that we won't have the modul ready for - for this ehm try run event.
And the organizers will be probably fine with this and we should do our best to - to have the modul.
So ehm I don't know how difficult is ehm - how difficult it is to - to train a modul and ehm -
so what is - what is easier for <unintelligible/> ehm to teach us ehm how to do it?
And we will try it?
Or ehm if we just ehm shift the data that we have ehm for you and then you would ehm - you would train it for the event.
What is easier?
(PERSON4) Probably teaching you how to do it.
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay.
(PERSON4) Essentialy, what you can - what you can do more or less is ehm -
you can actually train what- whatever toolkit you want <unintelligible/> we do some ehm little re-training ehm so that we have moduls for tookit.
(PERSON2) Aha.
(PERSON4) ehm But we'll - we should discuss that offline but that is probably ehm an easy solution -
but easy - not easy but there is probably <parallel_talk/> Not easy, yeah - <parallel_talk/>
There is probably a viable solution but ehm still I think much as ambitious.
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay.
Yeah so we'll - we'll see,
so ehm I think it's clear what we should communicate with the organizers of the event,
and it's clear what we should discuss ehm from the technical point of view,
ehm I know that ehm <unintelligible/> has presented the ehm - the [ORGANIZATION3]'s ehm - [ORGANIZATION3] SLT or- or the name of the toolkit ehm and <unintelligible/> September,
 so that also included the ASR part, right?
(PERSON4) Yeah, but - yea yea but that is not the toolkit that can be used in the setting so this is just a basement system and that is not fit for doing online it is not the best performing system.
(PERSON2) Okay, okay, so I'll get the technical deals from you and we'll se how far we get ourselves and it will be a nice exercise for us to get in to the ehm - the speech <unintelligible/> of [OTHER6] which in the long term we want to do anyway.
So ehm I think it's - it's a good exercise and if we succeed then we plug that in,
and if we don't that it will be only [OTHER4] to ehm [OTHER3] and [OTHER6] ehm with the connector that we have to ride and ehm possibly [OTHER3] to [OTHER4] and possibly [OTHER3] to ehm [OTHER6] via [OTHER4].
Yeah.
(PERSON4) Sounds reasonable.
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay, thank you so ehm - so I- I hope that [PERSON12] or someone has taken notes on this <laugh/>,
and ehm we'll let you know how this ehm - how this proceeds. ehm
So thank you very much for ehm - for agreeing ehm to this ehm,
we'll also be in touch with the ehm - with the recording device like what - what type of microphones will be available for ehm that event,
ehm we'll get in touch with the organizers and - and see as soon as we learn some technical details ehm we will double check with you ehm if there - ehm if - if this is feasible or if it has to be replaced ehm and - and we'll see how that goes. 
That's exactly the purpose of this try run ehm, although it's a public one <laugh/>,
ehm to - to see how it behaves.
And what - what problems we ehm - we will have.
ehm So the final presentation of - of this ehm is on the webpage, right?
So people simply ehm connect with whatever ehm system or handheld device they have,
they connect to - ehm to the webpage and the webpage shows the transcripts or ehm the translation, right?
That's probably question for [ORGANIZATION1].
(PERSON6) Yeah, I had the microphone muted -
Currently - currently ehm we can - we have not the web publishing of the subtitles.
(PERSON2) Okay, so what is - what comes out or how - what - what is the ehm - the final end of the pipeline at the moment?
(PERSON14) ehm As [PERSON1] suggested, [PERSON1] please correct me if I'm wrong, you proposed the user yo- ehm -
I do not remember the name -
ehm your component for publishing.
(PERSON7) Yeah, the website.
You can use the electro translator website.
(PERSON14) Exactly the electro translator website.
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay, so I'll get ehm acquinted myself with the lecture translator ehm website and possibly talk to [PERSON1] about the internals,
ehm because idealy we - we think of like a secondary projector ehm that would ehm project the subtitles next to the speaker or as an overlay of the ehm - of the slides of the - of the speaker and this is also something that - that needs to be like ehm set up and found the best way for ehm the other meeting,
so it's part of the try run.
Yeah, thank you, so that's that's very promising I'm - I'm ehm very optimistic about this ofs- slthough obviously it's - it's high risk ehm business and ehm we can see many many errors and that's - that's the point. 
Okay, ehm and ehm the last point that I have in the agenda is the logo,
ehm so, what we'll get- what do you have the logo -
so [PERSON12] has ehm - [PERSON12] has ehm drawn one ehm suggestion and ehm - yeah -
so ehm the ehm - where - where could I get this easiest -
so you are welcome to ehm propose other ehm - other logos,
but I'll try to locate ehm - that's not the one - ehm from <unintelligible/> -
I'll try to locate the logo - ehm - it's not searching -
still not searching - it's too clever, so you can read all my emails now and if you resolve some of it that would be nice <laugh/>.
ehm <unintelligible/>
we have discussed so many things ehm -
yeah, well, I can <unintelligible/> -
that's a different thing -
so [PERSON12] if you are able to locate the ehm -
no, you also don't have it because you're not using your - your computer.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON2) Yeah, well, ehm I was trying to loc- to locate the proposal of ehm - of logo, by - by [PERSON12] -
ehm but -
O don't have <unintelligible/> -
that's too many old files -
ehm
yeah, I cannot find it at the moment <laugh/>,
it's - it's simply - is it - no -
no that's not the one - ehm -
yeah, yeah, so ehm, yeah, I- I'm not able to - to show you the logo at the moment, it's <laugh/> - it's somewhere in my e-mail, too many e-mails, ehm and -
(PERSON12) I have found it.
(PERSON2) Allright, exellent.
So can you share it ehm -
(PERSON15) ehm
(PERSON2) I'll stop sharing the screen -
(PERSON15) No, I tell you where is it, it's in e-mail from 5th November.
(PERSON2) November <laugh/>, sorry.
ehm too many e-mails.
November - <typing/>
no, that's another one -
ehm
(PERSON15) to do [PROJECT2] -
(PERSON2) Yeah, so that's the one but I haven't ehm <unintelligible/> -
[PROJECT2] <unintelligible/> -
I see - I see other attachement there, but not ehm the ELI-
that's probably the one - yeah, yeah, yeah -
finally I found it and I'm sharing my screen -
and this is -this is the proposed logo,
it could be - it could be simplified in some way ehm but ehm yeah -
ehm you're welcome to - to come of with other suggestions but we would need some logo in any case.
So if - if no other proposals ehm come from anyone ehm else ehm we will probably work with this and - and try to simplify a- a- a little,
and ehm possibly make it like two colour thing -
we'll see.
If you have any comments or suggestions to this ehm please say so now -
(PERSON13) Yeah, I know - I know this is only a sketch [PERSON11], but I think you've - you've managed to <unintelligible/> this one.
(PERSON2) Oh, okay <laugh/> -
<unintelligible/>
<unintelligible/> how much <unintelligible/> <laugh/>
Yes, yeah, that very important <unintelligible/>
(PERSON13) Okay,<unintelligible/>.
(PERSON2) So we will <unintelligible/> <laugh/>
(PERSON13) It's kind of <unintelligible/> actually <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON2) Yeah -
(PERSON14) I thought that little football that thing is <unintelligible/> the event in silent.
(PERSON2) That's [PERSON16], ehm the - the - f- the - yeah -
like this one <laugh/>
(PERSON15) Yeah, that should be [LOCATION5] -
(PERSON14) It - it is <unintelligible/>
<unintelligible/> <laugh/>
(PERSON13) Yeah, yeah.
(PERSON2) Okay, I think I-
(PERSON14) ehm But minor suggestion ehm -
I'm not much concerned the bold [LOCATION5] that you also aleviate- alienated ehm all the thing that is East of the [LOCATION3] mountains.
Seems like the continent stops somewhere - <parallel_talk/> Yes. <parallel_talk/>
so maybe we could continue to the East of like of your globe. <laugh/>
(PERSON2) Yeah, so ehm I th- I think that once we try to redraw this we will probably start with the - with the Earth as it is - and - yeah <laugh/> -
I - I - think -
(PERSON14) <unintelligible/> you could ehm - the Earth turn upside down so that actually the South is on top and North is on the bottom .
(PERSON13) Yeah it i- it is supposed to be eurocentric which I think is fine, yeah ehm -
(PERSON14) <unintelligible/> is fine, cause I'm kidding -
(PERSON13) I  - I think the - I think the concept is - is very good I think - yeah -
(PERSON14) Yeah. 
(PERSON13) Just the map - <parallel_talk/> looks- looks good. <parallel_talk/>
Yeah.
(PERSON13) It's really good. <parallel_talk/> Yeah, okay, yeah. <parallel_talk/>
(PERSON3) Yeah, too bad that [PROJECT2] can't be translate easily otherwise it would be nice to have the translations coming out of the other end or something.
(PERSON2) Yeah, [PROJECT2] is a - is a - perfect word, I - I really like it,
it - it - I don't know who exactly came with the suggestion  I think it was [] but I really like the - ehm - the proposal -
so, the name, and, yeah.
So we'll - we'll work on this,
if you have any other ideas or any simplifications then let us now, but we will ehm -
our plan is to start the web - ehm the web page ehm which would be probably [PROJECT2].eu [ORGANIZATION] and the logo is an essential part for that so ehm the sooner we have one the - the better.
(PERSON3) Yeah I meant if the [PROJECT2] itself was translatable to other languages it would be nice to have the translations in the picture coming out.
(PERSON2) Yeah, but -
(PERSON3) Ea- of course it's not, so never mind.
(PERSON2) We don't have any [OTHER1] partner so ehm nobody is inclined to translate abbrevitions ehm I would say ehm ehm - okay.
So there was the ehm - there was the end ehm of ehm - of the agenda for today.
If there is anything that you would like to ehm add please say so -
otherwise thank you very much and I expect you to - to have your final say for the concertion agreement ehm by the end of the week, especially your double check that  ehm the background of other people is sufficient ehm for your duties ehm <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON14) Okay.
You've seen my e-mail that <unintelligible/> might be delaying this - <parallel_talk/> <unintelligible/> the concertion agreement.
(PERSON2) Yes, so we have - we have mentioned this ehm before you ehm were able to join, I- I'm- I was not sure whether you have - ehm you were there at the moment, ehm so ehm the sooner you have some ehm comments from your lawyer the better,
hopefully it could be by the end of the week, but if you need more, yes, we can also wait ehm more.
So please let me know -
(PERSON14) Yeah, yes.
This is now my third lawyer with ehm - in ehm five months or so of this project so -
(PERSON2) Yeah, okay. <laugh/>
Yeah fingers crossed, so - so hopefully this one survived.
(PERSON14) Let's keep our fingers crossed because the other two also live from one day on the other so -
essentially I had e-mail exchange with the lawyer on the Thursday on Friday and today I found out that she's gone.
(PERSON2) <laugh/> Okay, yeah, well, <laugh/> it's - it's hard,
maybe - maybe IT is a-
maybe lawyers ehm are equally ehm like ehm jumping from side to side as - ehm as IT people are in - in the industry, so it's - yeah.
frendic times.
Okay, so thank you very much for your time and for your comments and ehm we'll let you know how - how this evolves and we'll be in touch.
Thank you.
(PERSON14) Thank you.
(PERSON15) Thank you, bye bye, <parallel_talk/> Thank you very much. <parallel_talk/> thanks.
(PERSON3) Thank you, bye bye.
(PERSON14) Thank you, bye.
