[PROJECT3] meeting, 2020-07-21

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON6], [PERSON1], [PERSON3], [PERSON7]
Excused from the meeting: [PERSON5]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- [PERSON3] has redone some of the embedding color maps
- [PERSON1], [PERSON7] and [PERSON5] went through some parts of the book and added some comments
- [PERSON1] can add some visualisations
- LSTM cell terminology was explained
- [PERSON7] suggests writing in the introduction of [PERSON6]'s section more detailed information about dependency syntax
- proposal to omit detailed information about negation
- Rest of the [PERSON6]'s chapture is ready to read
- Some sections in [PERSON6]'s chapture repeat itself and they should be merge
- It will be good to make an appointment and tell [PERSON6] what to write about, because he is good at writing long texts
- There're some comments in [PERSON7]'s chapture, he only needs to improve some things in the text
- Decision remove dedication motto and it needs to be invented a new one
- The next meeting will be on July 28

The minutes were written by: [ANNOTATOR2]
