DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON10, PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON6, PERSON7


SUMMARY
- PERSON7 and PERSON12 are going to have a technical discussion on the presentation platform on Monday morning at 12:00 on the 7th of June.
- PERSON7 and PERSON12 will meet on Monday the 20th of May at 10.
- They will discuss the platform.
- Then they will work on the presentation.
- PERSON4 will start coding next week and should have a prototype within a couple of weeks.
- PERSON7 explains to PERSON3 how to handle the corpus of incomplete sentences.
- PERSON7 is working on PROJECT4.
- They need to create segmenters for all ASR languages.
- They should train their empty systems to work on the individual lines of the segmented output.
- PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON4 are working on a system that translates English sentences into computer code.
- They need to change training data for the MT systems to handle input like this.
- PERSON7 is working on a project.
- He's translating partial sentences and sentences in one go.
- The first segmentation is fine, but the second one is off the mark.
- There's a problem with the timestamps coming out of the ASR.
- PERSON7 would like ORGANIZATION6 to improve the segmentation worker so that it emits the timestamps.
- PERSON3 or someone from ORGANIZATION6 would like to validate the locks from the ASR workers to help them create a reliable baseline for the workshop.
- PERSON3 and PERSON4 need to synchronize the code for the empty worker to make sure it works properly.
- PERSON4, PERSON6 and PERSON7 will try to train the models to be ready to accept partial sentences and even inputs that started at the middle of sentence.
- They will fine tune send level models to gracefully handle badly segmented input.
- As a fall back they will train MT PERSON6 and PERSON7 are working on a different connector for the production client.
- The main message is that the main connector will now be called the production connectors.
- The language model adaptation is taking place.
- PERSON6 will ask back ASR people.
- The workshop runs in English.
- There will be one interpretation of from English into Czech and one interpretation from Czech into German.
- PERSON6 and PERSON7 will continue deploying for the main client.
- They have the install and test scripts, and they run them every now and then.
- They are doing the test manually, but it is not critical.
- They will try to get some data from PERSON8.
- PERSON7 will work back from Wednesday, June 19th to send the data that will be used for fine tuning the system.
- The system is based on a German to English empty system.
- PERSON7 wants to know if the platform supports pivoting.
- PERSON12 and PERSON3 confirm it does.
- PERSON6 wants to test it again next week.
- PERSON6 tried to fine tune the model on sub sentence window of size three to fifty words, but it didn't work.
- He has a paralel subsentence corpus of two million words, about one thousand documents.
- He wants to run ASR on this and train on PERSON6 wants to postpone the workshop until after PROJECT3.
- PERSON7 wants to train on real ASR from docks.
- PERSON6 is in LOCATION1.
- PERSON7 wants someone from the project to come and see it in practice.
- ORGANIZATION6 is running age ASR workers for English that don't emit any output.
- ORGANIZATION12 wants a ban of not working workers.
- PERSON12 explains to PERSON7 that it's not possible at the moment, but it's possible in the future.
- PERSON7 has a question regarding the note in presentation platform the PERSON7 experiments.
- PERSON7 is going to share her experiment with PERSON12 this afternoon in order to be more prepared for Monday.
- Some of the ASR clients are not working, so they need to be pressed to tell if they are, and if so, what can be done about it.
- There PERSON6 reminds PERSON3 to let them know if they can have a general PROJECT2 call.


Minuted by: Team Synapse