DATE : 2021-07-16
ATTENDEES : PERSON3, PERSON1, PERSON2


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON2 and PERSON3 were about to join the meeting, but PERSON5 stopped to prepare the data.
 -PERSON2 will finish the annotation herself as the annotator has stopped.
  The second round of annotation needs to be done at the level of the type level.
  The agenda is in the master document.
  The last meeting is from the middle of December.
 -PERSON1 made a copy of his document.
  He wants the name to be more descriptive.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 are doing the annotation of documents.
  If PERSON5 is not available, they will have to do it without him.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON1 are critical of the quality of the program.
  There are a lot of typos and most of the output is not a named entity.
  The program does not include all the words beginning from cPROJECT4tal.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 discuss coreferencing, co-ordinating of chains, including, the identity of, the individual speakers.
 -PERSON1, PERSON2, PERSON5 and PERSON3 are working on deidentifying the corpus.
 -PERSON7 started working on deidentification from the beginning of January.
  She needs to read the regulations and decide what should be anonymised.
  She has to delete the names of languages.
  She also needs to align the transcript and the minutes.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 agree on a timeline for the removal of personal data and the deidentification of data.
  They need to discuss the consent forms with PERSON7.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 are working on two consent forms, one for working with data and one for publishing it.
 -PERSON1 proposes to forget about the first phase of the project and focus on the second phase only once the corpus is finished and released.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 will prepare a prerelease of the corpus.
  They will collect the names of the participants from the meeting minutes.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON3 discuss how to prepare personalised emails for participants of the task.
 -PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON2 are discussing the timeline for the deidentification and consenting of the participants.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 are discussing the creation of the Scientific Committee.
  They are unsure if they should invite all the PhD students to the committee.
 -PERSON1, PERSON2 and PERSON3 have to prepare the text for an email to prospective members of the scientific committee.
  They need to have the list for the application.
  Some PhD students don't have it online.
 -People need to put their names and e-mail addresses PERSON1, PERSON2, and PERSON3 need to submit the proposal within the January 7th or 8th.
  They need to make several copies of the invitation e-mail.
 -Person1 wants to cancel some of the names in the ORGANIZATION6 document.
 -Person2 PERSON1 and PERSON2 are going to take part in the call as soon as she answers the short questions.
 -PERSON1, PERSON2, and PERSON3 are going to send the proposal to ORGANIZATION7 on January 10th, and on January 15th, they should be sending it to ORGNOVATION9.
 -PERSON2 wants PERSON1 and PERSON3 to send three prepared letters in English to his three Russian candidates.


Minuted by: Team ABC