DATE : 2021-07-16
ATTENDEES : PERSONm, PERSON2, PERSON3, PERSON1


SUMMARY-
 -PERSONm, PERSONm and PERSON3 are having a meeting today.
 -PERSONm will try to find a poll for next week.
  ORGANIZATION7 doesn't want to get any money from the PERSONm and PERSON2 discuss how to ship translated audio to the participants of ORGANIZATION7 events.
 -Personm wants to make sure that in the project, there is no promise on the translation of speech to speech.
 -Person2 doesn't have experience with shipping voice to individual PERSONm will create a task in the integration work package for the presentation application development for the ORGANIZATION5 congress.
  There will be the main ORGANIZATION5 congress in the middle of the project.
  There will be some dry runs workshops, and after that, there will be other events mainly workshop style.
  Organizing7 should make sure that there is enough events happening and that they connect to them.
 -PERSONm promotes the workshop style sessions that she organizes as it is more practical and in line with the speech research partners' focus on nonnative speech.
 -PERSONm and PERSON2 discuss the OTHER4 project.
  Organization3 would like the project to be extended to include OTHER4 ASR.
  Organizing3 is active in the ASR field and provides ASR for thirty language.
  The PERSONm wants organiser7 to include OTHER4 as a language partner in the project.
  The partner has the best ASR system in the world, so it would be a pity not to use it.
  Organizer7 needs to estimate how many person months they need to spend on PERSONm and PERSON2 explain to PERSONm how speaker adaptation is done.
  The adaptation starts from an existing acoustic model for the language.
  It takes four hours to adapt to each of the OTHER1 speaker and up to five hours per other speaker.
  The main conference is four days long PERSONm is in touch with the OTHER1 radio and they should be able to provide the baseline acoustic model for OTHER1 and for OTHER2.
 -PERSONm wants to have more such respeaking sessions for OTHER4 and for the other languages.
  He wants to give short-term contracts to some ORGANIZATION8 handled respeakers and record them.
 -PERSON2 has started checking the availability of specific hardware for the ORGANIZATION5 congress.
  He will add some hardware costs for the equipment, because they will have to set up the local infrastructure for publishing.
 -PERSONm wants to know how much it will cost to record one person, so that they can do the recordings with the respeakers here.
  He wants someone to make a separate line for one ORGANIZATION4, of for recording and copy that for themselves.
  The integration of multi target empty engine should include both PERSONm and ORGANIZATION6.
  Organiser 7 should be involved in the design and testing purposes.
 -PERSON1 and PERSON2 discuss milestones, deliverables and the organisation of the project.
 -PERSONm prefers ORGANIZATION2 doc over Microsoft Word as it's faster for her.
  She will merge the text into the Overleaf.


Minuted by: Team ABC