(PERSON6) Try to record it if it works.
Now it seems that it is working.
Yeah, I see that it is recorded.
And now I will try to share my screen.
<parallel_talk> And share.</parallel_talk>
And, can you see that?
(PERSON7) Yes.
(PERSON3) Yes, mhm.
(PERSON6) Uh, I just wanted to show, uh, [PERSON7].
Uh, and could you look at the data at my screen now?
Uh, uh, [PERSON7]?
(PERSON3) I think he is there.
(PERSON6) Er-, [PERSON7], are you-?
<other_noise/>
Uh, okay.
If if [PERSON7] is not here, uh, I will just show it-.
(PERSON7) Oh sorry I just opened up the window.
I I just-.
(PERSON6) Uh, okay, okay.
(PERSON7) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON6) Uh, uh, so I managed to share the screen and, uh, please take a look at my screen now.
I just-.
Uh, uh, one thing, uh, you sh-, have dec-, have to decide when we speak about Git and other repositories.
So in each meeting folder-.
(PERSON7) Yes.
(PERSON6) We have different types of files.
And some files are kind of-.
So it is clear that we exclude this, uh.
(PERSON7) Yes.
(PERSON6) Big files.
And then it is cle-, clear that we include these annotation- annotated files.
Uh, uh, this with, uh, minutes and transcripts, and uh, uh, uh, this transcript, uh, automatic transcript.
And the question is also, if we include some other additional files.
So there is a lot of something.
That , uh, uh, was created during the, uh, uh, speech recognition.
Uh, uh, so some kind of stuff that I expect that is not actually needed.
At least it is not need it for me, but it could be needed for somebody else.
So, there could be some additional questions by organising the folders.
So, this is just the wanted to say that we will-.
Uh, sorry.
If, if you discuss it with [PERSON2] without me, there are some additional files in the folder.
(PERSON7) Why would I discuss it without-.
I mean this, this should be discussed all together.
So-
(PERSON6) Well, hopefully, hopefully.
We will discuss it all together.
I just wanted to say-.
(PERSON7) I always, I always email to the minuting, uh, to the minut, uh, email list.
(PERSON6) Yes, okay.
(PERSON7) I never email to a person specific so there is no reason to discuss it without you.
(PERSON6) Mhm, okay.
Then, just-
(PERSON7) So, uh, well, uh, we normally exclude the big files.
So, we want to include everything possible, because we need the information.
But from the other hand we cannot include everything, because it's too big.
So we will try to compromise if I may-.
(PERSON6) Yes, yes.
Mhm, okay.
(PERSON7) To find some reasonable let's say rule.
And apply it in all the folders.
So-.
(PERSON6) Mhm, yes.
But let's do it within next week, so.
(PERSON7) I'm checking the sizes right now and I see that besides the-.
So it-.
Everything is in kilobytes so if we exclude the MP4 files, then everything else would be included.
(PERSON6) Yes, okay, mhm.
(PERSON7) So, its only the recordings, I don't see other big files that-.
(PERSON6) Yeah, but there could be some stuff that nobody, that no one needs.
So its actually, no need to include it.
(PERSON7) I don't know.
(PERSON6) Let's, let's see it together.
(PERSON7) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON6) It has no sense to discuss it now.
I  I don't think it's so-
When we do it together, we will discuss it.
(PERSON7) It is, yeah, so-.
I don't see anything big besides the recordings.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON7) Well everything else is in, in kilobytes and kilobytes it's not problem.
We can, we can push it.
(PERSON6) Yes, yes.
Okay.
(PERSON7) But there-, there should be a way.
[PERSON2] was not clear if the development is going to be in one place or in two.
So it's not really clear what to do with the rest, like in the future.
When adding some other-. 
(PERSON6) Yes.
This is-.
That's why I think about-.
Yes, de-, definitely-.
I, that's-.
(PERSON7) So, like how is it gonna be?
I don't know.
For the moment that's it from me now.
(PERSON8) So what?
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON8) So what, so what are you actually saying [PERSON7] for the development of-? 
Like for the <unintelligible/> about the other repository?
(PERSON7) Sorry?
(PERSON8) Yeah.
So you were telling about something like are you at <unintelligible/> about something, like having the detail that you can put also in the repository? 
Or?
(PERSON7) Uh, yes, [PERSON2] asked to create a repository.
For storing the data set, the minuting, [PROJECT1] minuting data set.
But he was not clear like how to do it, why to do it, like how.
I mean, because also [PERSON6] said that it cannot be a public repository, because the data is not only <unintelligible/> so there are some issues to discuss about this.
And and so we will also have to exclude this MP4 video recordings because they are big and we cannot store them in GitHub.
And then its the issues with the rest of the work like how is it going to?
How are the annotators going to proceed?
They will put everything in GitHub only or they will keep also the cluster storage or-?
<other_noise/>
There are synchronisation issues.
So, its not clear.
This thing is not clear.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
We will discuss it I think as we meet, meet with [PERSON2] and we will just come to the agreement.
(PERSON7) Okay.
(PERSON6) Okay.
I don't-.
Mhm.
(PERSON3) I think it will also benefit, I think it would also benefit when we release the data.
Because we we can directly make the private repository to be public.
Once we release the data for the shared task.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON3) I think that the GitHub repository will help us in that case.
(PERSON6) Mhm, yes.
(PERSON7) Okay so.
What else are we going to discuss today?
(PERSON6) I have nothing.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON8) [PERSON7]?
Uh, yeah, go ahead.
(PERSON7) No, please go on because <laugh/> I was just thinking, uh, I don't know of anything to discuss.
So if you have some questions or something, like you can ask me.
(PERSON8) Uh, I don't think I have right now.
<laugh/>
(PERSON7) So we are having a session with [PERSON1] tomorrow.
Like know more about the, about the, about the, about the various <unintelligible/>, servers, CPU.
So yeah, hopefully if you would have some more questions the day after for you.
(PERSON6) <laugh/> 
(PERSON7) Yes, okay.
(PERSON8) [PERSON7] what other works you were involved in.
Like apart from this minuting?
<other_noise/>
Now I'm waiting for a response-.
<unintelligible/>
I am waiting for a response from Colling I have a paper there.
So-
(PERSON8) Aha.
Fingers crossed.
(PERSON7)  It's it's very long like.
Since end of June.
Like more than June, July, July, August.
More than-.
It's almost three months, so.
Uh, yes, I do not know why they're delaying the response so long.
And it was also confirmed that it will be online.
It was supposed happen in-, to be in Barcelona this year.
Which is very beautiful city.
But Spain is facing the second wave, and they decided to do it online.
So, so it's it's not funny.
<unintelligible/>
Even if I get accepted.
(PERSON8) I've been to Colling, uh, last last time it was in Santa Fe, uh, in New Mexico and yes, Colling was really nice.
They had those excursions, exhibitions, so-.
(PERSON7) Yes.
I've seen that they have like a record number of submissions.
Like.
(PERSON8) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(PERSON7) Like two thousand four hundred or two thousand five hundred this year.
(PERSON8) <laugh/> 
(PERSON7) Which is a record number.
(PERSON8) I just, I just submitted a paper in <unintelligible/>. 
And it was something in a range of eight thousand.
Like oh my God <laugh/>.
I don't know.
(PERSON7) Yes.
Uh, so it is also happening in the other <unintelligible/>.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON7) I had, I had two rejections.
Yeah.
I had two rejections this this month.
And it's just because like the papers are not within scope.
I don't know why it is, so.
Like we are also working on <other_noise/> submitting it to some other venues you know.
And it has to be <other_noise/> so much for the late production that the <unintelligible/> parts are according to the, according to the aims of that of that venue <unintelligible/>.
<other_noise/>
Yeah.
What about [PERSON3]?
(PERSON3) Uh, I'm wa- working only on minuting right now.
Nothing else.
(PERSON8) Okay, okay.
Wonderful, wonderful.
Yeah, so you are the leader for us.
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) I, I just passed, finished my degree so-.
(PERSON8) So, what about [PERSON6]?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
(PERSON6) Can you hear me?
(PERSON8) [PERSON6] what, what, what, yeah, yeah what other works you were doing?
Apart from the minuting?
(PERSON6) Oh, well, I'm also working on uh, uh, wor-, uh, morphology project.
On one morphology project.
And I am-
During the last days I did a lot of reviewing of the papers.
So I am, I was really busy with reviewing some papers for [PERSON4], linguistic ones.
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON6) And I will polish the data.
<unintelligible/>
It takes quite a lot of time and as from the minuting side for organizing the annotators.
<unintelligible/>
Because we write a lot of emails and <unintelligible/>.
Kind of.
(PERSON3) So I get like lots of-. 
(PERSON8) I understand [PERSON6], because do you know like during-.
Go ahead [PERSON3].
(PERSON3) I think that my audio is a little late.
So I <other_noise/> okay you go ahead.
So it's <unintelligible/> I think.
Yeah.
(PERSON8) So I know [PERSON6] like how like how to deal with the annotators so-.
I have developed four data sets as a past of my Phd.
So I know <laugh/> what what kind of mess it could be.
<laugh/>
So yeah.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON8) And still one <unintelligible/> like we are continuously developing and actually that data set paper got rejected from TLSN.
And we were are very disappointed, because it was such nice paper.
And we have put at least nine months of effort into that paper.
(PERSON6) Mhm.
(PERSON8) So, yeah.
But, we are again like trying to reformat it and send it to somewhere else, but-
It was it was it was so close to my heart-.
That paper.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) I really wished that it was-.
(PERSON7) And what about the-
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/> concept.
(PERSON7) And what about this systematic literature review.
Because some time ago you said you were going to do a systematic review.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON8) Yeah.
(PERSON3) Yeah, we are doing that [PERSON7].
(PERSON7) Yes, that would be good.
As a start-.
(PERSON8) And we are overwhelmed; we are overwhelmed with the number of papers that are already there.
In some area of the research.
(PERSON6) <laugh/>
(PERSON7) But you have to focus in something specific.
You you should not go broad, in broad.
Well, you have to to focus in some aspect.
(PERSON8) Yes.
(PERSON3) So [PERSON7]?
(PERSON7) That is not already out there, because other my otherwise that are many others.
Other systematic reviews about machine, about, uh, yes, uh, machine text summarization and other things.
(PERSON8) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON7) So you should try to find a pattern in the papers that you read and come-.
Let's say a common pattern or something.
And the focus in that and try to do the review in that thing.
(PERSON3) Mhm, so [PERSON7] we thought that, we thought that specifying only the, uh, the minute, uh, meeting summarization.
(PERSON7) Uh, yes, uh, well, I think there are already some of them.
I'am not sure about it.
But yes, it's it's-.
I I think it's I think it's enough specific.
If it-.
It is enough specific so it could be something good like, maybe.
Uhm. 
I am not sure if there are some broad reviews.
(PERSON8) Uh, so we have just one minute and it will get disconnected.
(PERSON6) Uh, may just just please [PERSON7] did you see that.
(PERSON8) Yeah, just a minute to in a call.
(PERSON6) Did you see it in, in, in, [ORGANIZATION3], uh, in [ORGANIZATION3] [PERSON8], uh, shared with us the papers.
So you can take a look at them.
(PERSON7) The papers?
(PERSON6) Uh, maybe [PERSON8] could you also share the papers with-.
(PERSON7) I see, I see some dialogs here, lines.
(PERSON6) In drive, not the dialogs, but in drive.
In the [ORGANIZATION3] dri-, drive there is a folder-.
(PERSON8) Yes, I will, I will, I will share that link.
I will share that link.
(PERSON3) Yes.
(PERSON6) I think help.
Because [PERSON7] has the over- the overview on the papers.
It would be good.
(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah.
[PERSON7] has a good knowledge of, uh-.
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON8) Yes, I will do that.
(PERSON6) Yes, please.
(PERSON7) What is this dialog that I see here now?
(PERSON6) He will send you, he will send you the-.
(PERSON7) Okay, okay.
(PERSON6) Uh, and, uh, one more, uh, little thing.
Uh, [PERSON7] could you look at this au-.
(PERSON8) I will send you [PERSON7].
I will send you, yeah.
(PERSON6) [PERSON7] could you look?
Should I del-, should I do something with this <unintelligible/>?
Or you will manage it?
(PERSON7) No, no, no, no, no.
Absolutely not.
They are fine.
(PERSON6) Okay, mhm.
(PERSON7) They are fine.
(PERSON6) And what about dates?
If there are, if there are some dates like here it could be also a point.
Like should I do something with that?
(PERSON7) No, no, no.
Leave, leave them as as they are.
Don't waste time on this.
(PERSON6) Okay, mhm, okay.
Perfect.
Then I'm eady.
So see you.
(PERSON7) Okay.
(PERSON6) Thank you.
And we should be disconnected.
Bye bye.
(PERSON7) Okay.
(PERSON8) So, bye everybody.
