DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON14, PERSON17, PERSON2, PERSON5, PERSON7


SUMMARY
- PERSON14, PERSON8, PERSON2, PERSON7, PERSON9 and PERSON11 are in a meeting.
- They are trying to record the call to see if they are able to summarize it automatically.
- PERSON9 will give her presentation on PROJECT2 on the Monday seminar.
- The The Monday seminar on the 17th happens the week after the dry run of a workshop where we are describing various language technologies and promoting NLP.
- On Wednesday, the 12th of February, there will be the first dry run of the NLP workshop.
- The second dry run will be recorded and used for domain adaptation later on.
- The final workshop will be held in English.
- There will be NLP and PROJECT2 on the PERSON14, PERSON11, PERSON16 and PERSON4 are going to present their companies to non-native speakers of English on the 18th and 19th of March.
- They need to filter profanity.
- PERSON11 is going to do the collection of business for English and other languages PERSON11 and PERSON6 will use the MultiSource model as a language model and they will work on it together.
- There is a problem with the profanity filtery after PERSON4.
- According to PERSON14, the bad word "šoupátko" was created by an error in the translation system.
- The idea is to train empty systems on corpora which are refind to contain only higher frequency words.
- PERSON14 and PERSON10 are working on the paper for exceptement and PERSON2 is on the call.
- PERSON17 has finished evaluation framework and it's ready but he needs complete files to test it.
- PERSON14 wants to break the recorded from MI Corporas into small chunks.
- PERSON2 has already read a mail.
- PERSON17 has a question about the English and LOCATION1 parts of the recording.
- PERSON11 will create a list of files and send them to PERSON17.
- PERSON14 will prepare a next version of the czech ASR system and enter it into the google sheets.
- PERSON11 has found the appropriate command flacs so that the audio is compress to mp3 then shiped as mp3 to network and decompress before being sent to the ASR.
- PERSON2 is working on sound segmentation.
- PERSON2 needs feedback from PERSON13 on how the segmenter works.
- There are some problems with it.
- The speaker diarization should be done on speaker separately.
- The windows can overlap to speakers and the problem with that is that the transformer translate sentences into nonsense.
- PERSON8 has already worked on the project last June.
- PERSON5 is waiting for a virtual machine for the paraphrasing server.
- PERSON14 wants to know if there is code for FastSpeech for ASR.
- PERSON5 will send it to PERSON14.
- PERSON5 is from LOCATION4.


Minuted by: Team Synapse