[PROJECT2] Remote meetingÂ 
Date: October 6th, 2020
Attendees: [PERSON17], [PERSON18], [PERSON33], [PERSON34], [PERSON6], [PERSON10], [PERSON1], [PERSON32], [PERSON2], [PERSON29], [PERSON22], [PERSON10]
Purpose of meeting: Progress checking, discussing current issues

-Introduction.
--Checking who is Me.

-Discussing the deadline of manual annotation for WMT.
--The conference is 18th November.
--They are late this year with everything.

-Who is analyzing the data.
--[PERSON12]+ [PERSON15] + maybe [PERSON7].

- Official welcome.
--Checking participants.
--Reminder regarding recording the meeting and giving consents.
-Progress report checking
--There were 2 recommendations given by reviewers.
---They should specify what basic research advances are going to be integrated.
---Everybody should try not only to develop the systems for research papers.
----But also wrap them and include them as workers.
---Summary of the publications should be improved and [ORGANIZATION3] should improve wording around life long learning.
----Everybody should check publications. 
----In multitasking, end-to-end ASR with language model has not worked.
----Report will be submitted at the end of the week.
-Recommendations for future work.
--Preserve documents also in multilingual data collections.
--Recommendation on joint paper.
---Partners should propose collaboration.
---Joint papers don't have to be limited on research partners.

-Checking the progress of minuting shared task planning.
--No progress.
--Description of current work in [ORGANIZATION3].
--Description of minuting team and its work.
--Agreement on cooperation on shared task.

-Issues on ethics.
--There will be one person working on ethics from the high level point of view, starting in January.
--First trial data for the shared task participants should be released in March.
--Removal of people's names will happen in the autumn and early winter.
--[PROJECT4] call issues with consent.
---New people didn't agree with recording the meeting and [PERSON5] was upset about publishing the data.
---Not giving the consents is problem especially when people speak a lot during call- everything must be removed.
--Discussing withdrawal of consent in various stages.
--Discussing consent just for certain purposes- meeting summarization, public usage, life-shipping to participants.
--Anonymization/synonymization possibilities and their impact on the data.

-Possible collaboration between [ORGANIZATION15] and [ORGANIZATION3].
--End-to-end spoken language translation.

-Recommendation number three.
--There should be a mitigation plan for the case there's no [ORGANIZATION12] Congress.
---[ORGANIZATION2] was suggested-not the best idea, they didn't take part in a tender - not sufficient technology + people, but anyway, they will contact project officer.
---Meta forum was proposed including advantages/disadvantages and trying to find information on meta events.
----Meta forum twenty twenty will be used as a test event. 
----Systems will be run there without too much publicity.
-Suggestion to provide subtitle service on various events.
--Discussion what type of events.
--Conferences in India were proposed.

-Covid extension.
--Will be filed.
--Parties should prepare arguments in order to justify the request for extension by the end of the week.

-Summary of the meeting, other things will be discussed in small groups.



Minutes submitted by [ANNOTATOR1]











