-ERSON: Is there anything we can do to improve the presentation of the subtitles?,PERSON: No, we don't have experience with subtitles.
-(PERSONm): We have to identify in fact the final platform for the delivery of the text in fact speech (PERSONm): That actually - (PERSONm).
-(PERSONm): I just wanted to confirm that it actually makes information harder to digest : (PERSONm): I just wanted to confirm that it actually makes information harder to digest.
-(PERSONm): Is there a way to provide subtitles for the remote meetings (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm:)
-(PmERSON): Yeah, for the live events, the workshop, the live events, the workshop, the live events, the workshop, the live events.
-: How many events per project (a year should be manageable) should be decided by the project manager, not by the project manager, :.
-(PERSONm): Could check if we have one dry-run workshop which is the main conference and then one follow-up workshop (PERSONm).
-(PERSONm): I'm talking about the conference with plenary sessions, the conference with the workshop-type thing, it's a bit more practical.
-(PERSONm): I would like to create separate task [ORGANIZATION7] events (PERSONm): I would like to create separate task [ORGANIZATION7] events.
-(PERSONm): Okay so let's make this one task for [OR7] events and then in task description we will say that we plan have dry run and then main then two follow ups.
-(PERSONm): So integration work package 7 is not providing any remote platform into these events (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm)
-So we have the task of performing the tests on the task of the parliament, and we have the task of performing the tests on the task of the parliament.
-laugh> I'll probably get official reply again but it would be unfair to prioritize any non primary language over other languages (English, French, German, Italian).
-(PERSONm): Here's a formula parallel_talk> (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSON
-(PERSONm): To have an adaptation model ehh (PERSONm): So you need just the person and proper device to record the voice.
-(PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): (PERSONm): I assume I have lost).
-: (PERSON): (PERSON): (PERSON): (PERSON): there is a project here for adaptation of transcription of these recordings.
-: My final in regarding adaptation to be able to collect real re-speaking sessions in order to also able to model the voice itself, in order to be able to also able to model the voice itself.
-(PERSONm): I think this is a very good idea that we could have like more such re-speaking sessions already. (PERSONm): Or it could be separate thing.
-(the team will be presented with data from the speaker) (the team will be presented with data from the speaker) (the team will be presented with data from the speaker) (the team will be presented with data from the speaker).
-: we have re-speakers and we have to set up local infrastructure for publishing the audio signal to the local server and also to set up local infrastructure for publishing.
-The emm equipment will send all of the audio from the emm equipment to all of the ehh engines during [ORGANIZATION5] conference.
-service : Basically for publishing services, but also hardware for publishing services, so that would be a rough estimation as soon as possible, Yeah (ORIZATIONPERSON).
-: We will also need some devices for respeaker (Pspeakers) to be able to record the person's audio recordings (Pspeakers).
-(PERSONm): I think it's important also for other parties needs to integrate because all integration parties will need to integrate also participate in drafting the text.
-: Task 6.4 was one of the things that was not so clear to me (PERSONm): other_unrecognisable speech> (PERSONm): See impl development of publishing platform of other_unrecognisable speech> (PERSONm).
