DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON9 and PERSON5 cannot meet in the meeting room.
  There is a problem with the air conditioning in the room.
  People from their floor are not allowed to use it.
  They want to use the room temporarily, but they ignore it.
 -PERSON9, PERSON5 and PERSON2 will have a meeting to choose three doctors to review their book.
  They will ask some of their colleagues to do it.
 -PERSON9, PERSON5 and PERSON18 want to know if they should ask PERSON14, who, who is he from, if he will be officially assigned by, by PERSON2 to review a book.
  They don't know if it's a conflict of interest.
  They PERSON9, PERSON5, PERSON10 and PERSON4 are looking for a reviewer for their book.
  They want to ask someone from LOCATION1, someone with knowling to LOCATION2, someone from Bulgarian's or someone from English speaking country.
  They need to know PERSON9 and PERSON5 are going through the book What is new in the book.
 -PERSON9 skimmed through the first section, skimmed the preface and skimmed parts of the book today.
  It's Word, Word2vec, RNN's, transformer.
 -PERSON9 wants to write a 3-page introduction to the book on neural networks.
 -PERSON10 thinks it would be a good idea to restructure it in the way that first PERSON9 wrote it.
 -PERSON18 and PERSON9 want to write a book about the methods they will use for interpreting, interpretations.
  They need to distinguish between supervised and unsupervised methods.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON10 think that the methods in general should be described after the introduction to interpretation.
 -PERSON5, PERSON9 and PERSON18 don't agree on the definition of the word "probing".
 -PERSON9 has some notes but she cannot read them.
 -PERSON5 suggests that she should do some clustering or a key nearest neibourghs.
 -PERSON9 will rewrite her introductory sections about it.
  The deadline for all the content is next Tuesday.
 -PERSON9 wants to merge the sections about the notable models with the descriptions of the models.
 -PERSON10 will write and write and then it will be written.
 -PERSON9 wants PERSON10 to copy the text from the unsupervised PROJECT4.
 -PERSON10, PERSON9, PERSON5 and PERSON18 will talk about the GPT models.
 -PERSON9 will write two paragraphs about GPT and one paragraph about debiassing.
  At the end of the chapter PERSON10 will show the embeddings.
 -PERSON10 is trying to train Glove on Organization 3, but it doesn't work properly.
  He doesn't know what to do about it.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON5 want to try it on English as well.
 -PERSON18 suggests downloading some already trained embeddings for English and have a look how it looks like.
 -PERSON10 needs to go through her files and delete them, but she doesn't want to do it yet.
  She has collected a lot of data.
  She worked on grammatical error correction in her paper.
 -PERSON5 worked on a model of how information distrubuted across layers of RNN and transformers.
 -PERSON9 explains to PERSON5 and PERSON8 that morfology comes in the first layers.
  There are also some coreferential links between the initial layers.
  In the later layers there are some syntactic thins and then there are more long range stuff like dependency syntax PERSON9 wants PERSON8 to put his figure into their book.
 -PERSON5 and PERSON9 will extract the paper from the pdf and save it as a pdf with text in a latech format.
 -PERSON5 doesn't know which layers what is in the paper.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON18 help him with that.
  They have two conclusions after each other, so they have to put in a summary.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON10 have a conclusion at the end of their chapters.
 -PERSON5 doesn't know if he will have one.
 -PERSON9 is going through the book again.
  The next meeting is on the 13th of July, the week before the ORGANIZATION5 conference.
  The conference is from July 10th to July 13th.
  Next meeting is probably on T next week.


Minuted by: Team ABC