Meeting [PROJECT3], 2020-06-23

Participants of the meeting: [PERSON5], [PERSON9], [PERSON8], [PERSON10], [PERSON18]

It was discussed at the meeting:

- need to be selected 3 reviewers
- make introductory paragraph for interpretation
- methods used for interpretation (probing, classifier)
- [PERSON8] plans (start language model before neural network and neural language models)
- [PERSON8] plans to include PCA or maybe ICA to the Glove
- [PERSON9] need to rewrite introductions of Glove
- [PERSON5] is working on integrating stuff from other papers
- ask [PERSON2] on details about reviewers
- everybody said what's new in the book
- every chapter can have conclusion
- create a table of what is still missing in the book

The minutes was written by: [ANNOTATOR1]
