DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON11, PERSON13, PERSON15, PERSON16, PERSON4, PERSON8


SUMMARY
- PERSON4 and PERSON11 are at home.
- The Czech Republic government has lifted the restrictions on meeting up to 10 people.
- They are allowed to go out from this Monday.
- They can't go to the forest, but if they are in the city, they have to go to a different place.
- PERSON11, PERSON4, PERSON8, PERSON3, PERSON14 and ORGANIZATION3 can't come to the regular meeting, so they have to postpone it to September.
- There will be at least one more meeting before the summer, one in May, two in June and one in September.
- PERSON16 will do the review of summarization.
- ORGANIZATION5 will review three point one.
- PERSON11 will ask for an extension for deliver because Congress has not taken place for D7 2.
- PERSON1 will review the summarization of the ASR.
- PERSON8, PERSON13, PERSON11, PERSON1 and PERSON3 are going to write a project management guide together with ORGANIZATION3 and the management guy.
- They need to cross-review what they wrote and what they have written.
- PERSON11 is writing it.
- PERSON11 and PERSON8 are looking for a project management guide for PROJECT2.
- There is no description of the deliverable.
- PERSON11 will write something and someone will review it.
- QT21 doesn't have such a guide, so it's probably copy-pasted from something from somewhere.
- PERSON11, PERSON8, PERSON1 and PERSON5 will meet on the 8th of June to review the first draft of the EU projects.
- The due date is the end of June.
- The internal reviews should be ready by mid June at the latest.
- There is one more milestone, the Congress.
- The most earlier milestone is in December.
- The year 2 test set will be due in the end of August.
- The main person responsible for the deliverable is ORGANIZATION1.
- The PROJECT1 test sets are called PROJECT1.
- They are something that we are building.
- PERSON8 has started a PROJECT1 test set.
- He wants to have it populated and described by August so that they can submit it as a deliver.
- The layout of the test sets is that it's many documents, depending on the availablity of the document and the language it's in.
- PERSON8 needs someone to coordinate the annotators.
- The annotators are searching for poll documents and in many languages.
- PERSON12 is not feeding them with the prepared automatically paralyzed files.
- He is also not soliciting new links from them.
- There is enough time for August, but if the ORGANIZATION4 Congress is really wanted, they will be in trouble.
- PERSON8 and PERSON1 discuss the idea of curated test sets and file lists.
- The files are curated for the particle purpose.
- The file list is essentially like a fine graph.
- It defines just the data and not the evaluation metric.
- It can be seen as an overkill, but it could be useful.
- PERSON1, PERSON8 and PERSON15 discuss how to create a file list extension for the sacrebleu project.
- They agree that the public use of the test sets should be limited to a few of them.
- They are working on the SLTF for the SLT share task evaluation.
- PERSON8, PERSON1, PERSON15 and PERSON13 discuss the SLTF.
- The SLTF is geared towards the evaluation of spoken language translation.
- The primary evaluation will be the translation quality, and the ASR and translation quality regardless of delay or delay.
- It was not a requirement for the audible SLT task this year.
- PERSON15 has to send the source code of the lock file.
- The lock file is used for time stamps.
- It is clear that this is the only way to save time stamps in a lock file, because it is clear what it should not be lying.
- PERSON8 wants Organizer1 to review the PROJECT1 test set and contribute to it in any possible way.
- PERSON10 wants ORGANIZATION1 to find someone to do the translation task on the data.
- PERSON1 is not sure if it's possible to pay people to do it.
- PERSON8 and PERSON1 want to do both finding and curating the translation and the revising the translation.
- They want to find people who speak the obscure languages and find related data sets.
- If they are unable to find speech domain and auditing domain, they will ask the people to find the text monolingually and translate it back to Czech.
- PERSON1, PERSON8, PERSON11, PERSON16 and PERSON13 are working on a project.
- They need to translate ten tens of thousands of sentences into Irish.
- The project was started when the EU still existed.
- If the project goes well, it will be ready for August.
- PERSON2 will be running the systems.
- ORGANIZATION5 would like to manage and make sure that this demo is delivered.
- PERSON5 has just answered and they have also provided some feedback.
- They reminded us off BBC guidelines and standards for subtitling.
- The users are afraid of retranslation.
- PERSON8 would like retranslations to be evaluated on humans towards the end of the project.
- PERSON11 and PERSON15 think retranslation should go back to the transition to end-to-end ASR.
- The MT only translate will be get from ASR, so it injects instability.
- PERSON15 will have new generation of models previously based transformers finally in direct translator.
- There is a big improvement in the quality of the translation support generally.
- The ASR has to wait to the end of the sentence before sending his hypothesis.
- The new generation includes transform models now in the new generation.
- PERSON8 and PEN1 discuss the integration of the ASR and MT.
- They are trying to use GPT tool to predict the tail of the sentence, but so far it doesn't work very well.
- It's a trade-off between waiting for the German verb and guessing the English one.
- The demo should be on 14th May 17th.
- Organizer 5 will supervise the organization of the demo.
- The date is too close to the deadline, so the best option is to send it closer to the 8th or 11th of May.
- PERSON13 will create a Doodle Poll with time slots for PERSON5 and directly con PERSON5.
- PERSON4 and PERSON8 are going to do a Czech talk.
- They need to translate and translate the material and present the results to the project officer.
- They will use a screen sharing and screen broadcasting method.
- The demo should demo both the ORGANIZATION2 representation and the sub ORGANIZATION5 subtitles.
- PERSON1, PERSON4 and PERSON8 didn't understand what the topic was, so they didn't talk about it.
- They decided to use authentic stock to sell what they are doing.
- The primer language would be German, because ORGANIZATION7 has good models for this.
- Sentence segmentation kills the performance for the final user of the machine translation.
- PERSON15 will propose some German talks to test the set-up via English into all the languages next week.
- PERSON8, PERSON4, PERSON5, PERSON13, PERSON15 and PERSON11 will run the demo for themselves from the week from the 11th before they run it for themselves.
- They will be in touch for the demo in the coming days.


Minuted by: Team Synapse