[PROJECT2], [PROJECT3] – dry-run
12/08/2020
111 min

-Purposes of the meeting.
-- To discuss the agenda – the timing, work-package presentations, the slides, the demo sessions.
-- To go through the work-packages.
-- To test the demos (one of the videos with burnt-in subtitles).

-Workflow.
-- The attendees were discussing the content of presentations, the slides.
-- People should present the goals of the work-package, the challenges, the achievements so far, plans and open problems, but not necessarily all of these.
-- [ORGANIZATION7] is considered to be much more a user than a technical contributor, not present on the call, not responding.
-- [PROJECT2] will provide the set of standard matrix - the [PROJECT2] test set would contain references for both ASR and machine translation.
-- The description of the user interface – the subtitle view and the paragraph view – doesn't have to be mentioned in the presentations beforehead.
-- There was a suggestion to distinguish the lines of the subtitles by colour (black – grey) to make it synoptical, but it was considered too difficult.
-- Only the German segmentors were running, not the English ones.

-Problems.
-- Only empty and speech people were invited to the workshop.
-- There was a delay during the demo test caused by segmentation.
-- Only the German segmentors were running, not the English ones.

-Plan.
-- The whole session should fit into 2 hours (an hour for presentations including the initial overview).
-- 8 work-packages – 5 minutes for presentation + 2,5 minutes for questions per the work-package –> the dissemination work-package will be left out, so eventually 7 work-packages.
-- The presentations should include high-level overview + recent interesting technical details.
-- Also some summarisation people should be invited to the workshop.
-- The next call was scheduled on Friday 11:00.

Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
