Attendees: PERSON1, PERSON5, PERSON6, PERSON8, PERSON10, PERSON13, PERSON14, PERSON19, PERSON20, PERSON21, PERSON24, PERSON26, PERSON27

 * [PERSON6]: That´s like the best I can do I guess.
 * That just we need to have to cite the source.
 * The problem is that (lighting) doesn´t want to do the words through Overlap.
 * [PERSON14]: In my chapture I still don´t have the first part finished.
 * [PERSON14]: I have rewritten a bit the 5.3 but is still, there is still missing the last part of this and some discussion o-, on this part so there is still missing something and the end of this sub-, subsection.
 * Tonight the chocolates will be in the box.
 * [PERSON24]: I will have to rewrite the cropping thing because that´s done on the bit map.
 * [PERSON14]: I think longest would be the (light) lexikons.
 * Maybe we can end this session and finish the writing.
 * The presentations will be broadcasted like prerecorded and then the QA will be live.
