DATE : 2023-05-01
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON11, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON8


SUMMARY-
- As soon as the corpus is clean, removed the named entities and wrapped in HDML, it will be ready for release.
- All named entities should be removed from the collection of documents and replaced with placeholders.
- For the sake of time, people should focus on the persons only, not on the projects or the names of the participants.
- He wants them to feel better to be under his leadership.
- Person 4 suggests to forget about the first form and focus only on the PERSON4 and PERSON6 will prepare the special samples for every consent for every participants.
- PERSON5 wants to cancel some people from the list of people to contact in order to form a Scientific Committee.
- PERSON5 wants to get in touch with PERSON6 as soon as possible and agree on a timeline for the removal of person data.
- Person 5 proposes to focus on the second consent form, which would include the consent to publish the data, complemented with samples.
- PERSON5 was asked by PERSON7 to make a copy of his document and give it a proper name.
- PERSON5 suggests ignoring tracing other people who are not mentioned in the text and not taking part in the meeting.
- PERSON5 suggests to PERSON1 and PERSON4 that they should prepare a master sheet with the names of participants and send it to all of them by e-mail.
- PERSON1 has put the names of the participants of the mock on the e-mail template that they would be sending to the master's students.
- PERSON5 is looking for the list of candidates that was done by PERSON7.
- PERSON4 will come to ORGANIZATION2 at Thursday and will write to PERSON6 PERSON4 wants PERSON5 to send pre-prepared letters to his candidates.
- PERSON1, PERSON5 and PERSON4 agree that the consent form should be prepared at the end of January or at the beginning of February.
- People will work at the word type level and then the word token level.
- PERSON1 and PERSON5 are going to divide the people involved in the project and invite them personally.
- PERSON4 will open agenda now and send a link so they can write it down.
- PERSON5 wants it in the first week of March.
- PERSON5 wants to extract the names of participants from the meeting minutes.
- People will have to collect the names from the minutes and then add them to the list of participants.
- PERSON5 hasn't seen her answer yet.
- PERSON5 will prepare a web page that people can browse.
- PERSON5 will be back in 30 minutes to explain the identification procedure.
- PERSON5 wants to get in touch with PERSON7 to check if he can help them with deidentifying the corpus.
- Person1 will put their names in the ORGANIZATION1 sheet.
- PERSON6 is working on the identification from the beginning of January.
- PERSON5 explains to PERSON4 and PERSON1 that they need to prepare a transcript and a minute version of the minutes.
- PERSON1 needs to prepare the text for an e-mail to the prospective members of the committee.
- Person5 wants at least fifteen people to participate in the committee.
- PERSON4 will be finished with the word type level annotation in two days.
- PERSON1, PERSON4 and PERSON5 are going to a meeting today.
- PERSON5 and PERSON4 are going to meet this afternoon.
- Person4 doesn't like changing the webpage too quickly.
- Person5 will finish item six tomorrow.
- She also needs to decide whether to leave English, German, Czech and other languages out.
- She needs to read the regulations and decide how to deidentify the person.
- Some of the names are incorrect and the information is sometimes incomplete.
- They need to create the first consent form, which agrees with working with the data and the second one, about publishing.
- The guidelines say that all person data must be removed, Absolutely removed, the data set has to be free of personal data.
- The training data will probably be available by end of March PERSON1 wants the deidentification of the participants by the end of February.
- They need to submit the proposal within ten days.
- The program does not include all the words beginning from capital.
- There are only two of them, so they don't know if there are others joining.
- They are going to ask the experts from the past for the keynote speaker.
- They also agree to keep the master sheet and keep the individualize it.
- There will be an annotation PERSON5 sent an e-mail to her this morning mentioning the new two consent forms.
- The annotator stopped working on it, so it's in doubt whether he will finish it or not.
- The last one is from the middle of December.
- There are some problems with the program: named entities, multi word, entities, edition of new documents, etc.
- The identity of NEs, preservation of conference chains, including the identity of individual speakers is an ongoing problem.
- The consent forms are not perfect, but they are signed by 30% of People who haven't signed the consent forms are being processed without having received the consent.
- The student used name tag.

Minuted by: Team Synapse