DATE : 2023-05-01
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON11, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON8


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON19 is starting to run the experiments that PERSON11 told him about.
  The purpose of the experiments is to complete the GPU test and to know which version of PROJECT2 works.
 -PERSON11 is waiting for the input from ORGANIZATION3.
  He promised to give it by Thursday.
 -PERSON11 needs to finish the executive summary and comment on PERSON3's paper.
 -PERSON17 wants to combine the document level and the multi-lingual aspects of the research.
 -PERSON17, PERSON19 and PERSON11 will have a separate call tomorrow at 2 PM or 3 PM to talk about experiments with multi-source text in ORGANIZATION8.
 -PERSON17 will send a link to the ORGANIZATION4 calendar.
 -PERSON8 will get in touch with PERSON9 about integrating some of the tasks that PERSON9 has developed and integrating tools that PERSON5 and PERSON8 should use.
  The integration will probably take place on the Tuesday PERSON17 has started to integrate profanity filtering, but it's not integrated yet.
  It was tested on logs, so now it's time to test it on live pipelines.
 -PERSON8 will call PERSON4 later today to explain how to do it.
 -PERSON4 can download files on e ORGANIZATION2 machines.
  He can also use PROJECT10.
  The profanity filtering and especially the spasm detection and removal should be employed twice, first after the ASR and second after the MT.
 -PERSON8 will have a call with PERSON9 later today.
  After this call, PERSON8 will talk about profanity filtering.
 -PERSON9 has already started preparing for the upcoming Monday seminar, which will be given by an Italian guy, the author of PROJECT6.
  There will be some domain adaptation and recording segmentation.
  On Monday we will hear the Italian English, and yesterday we had a chance to hear PERSON14 is working on a technical solution for the multi accent English.
  He will create new sentences by words that were spoken in other sentences and he will do this across different speakers.
  This will improve the ASR system.
 -PERSON9 will be leaving the team.
  The system needs users and diverse users, the more different users the better, because it will be robust to the different conditions of the users.
  Yesterday, the pipeline had to be started by PERSON9 and PERSON5, but they failed, so PERSON5 got errors in the pipeline because he was trying to run a worker which was not running in the mediator.
 -PERSON16 explained him how to solve the issue.
 -PERSON16, PERSON5, PERSON16 and PERSON8 need to set up a call with PERSON5 to discuss how to make the configuration cleaner.
 -PERSON17 wants them to provide the first specification of requirements for pipeline set ups so that it is much less error-prone and modular.
 -PERSON15's rainbow worker was better in speed, but scores were better for PERSON15's worker.
 -PERSON6, PERSON16, PERSON17 and PERSON8 are discussing the performance of their machine learning model.
  The model was trained using tensor to tensor, which makes it slow.
  As a fallback solution they should have the PROJECT2 model running as a worker on their PERSON8 is going to look into getting PROJECT2 up and running.
 -PERSON16 had copied the code from PERSON15, but when he tried he failed because of some errors.
  When working with PROJECT2, PERSON16 had several path conflicts.
 -PERSON15 sent them scripts with absolute paths on their systems and they need to replace them with their paths correctly to solve the problem.
 -PERSON6 is working on shortening and extending models and running out of storage quota on Mala Strana.
 -PERSON6 needs to save 50 gigabytes of data on Troja.
  Organization97 takes a lot of data.
 -PERSON12 would like to have a call with PERSON19 and PERSON11 tomorrow at 2.
 -PERSON17 will try to make it, because he will have already called at half past three.
  An Indian student is interested in joining the group.
  He should apply for PhD before the end of the year.
 -PERSON17 is trying to send the ORGANIZATION4 invite tomorrow at 2.
 -PERSON16 is working on the project, while PERSON8 is in hospital.
 -PERSON2 will manage the recording of the results of the ASR evaluation.
 -PERSON8 will have a call with PERSON2 and PERSON17 next week on Monday or Tuesday.
  They need to make sure they have the right people available for important sessions.
 -PERSON17 is looking for someone who can work on the non-native accent thing.
 -PERSON8, PERSON9 and PERSON14 will work on domain adaptation for the PROJECT5 toolkit.
 -PERSON17 wants to know if the toolkit is working properly.
 -PERSON9 has already tried it once.
 -PERSON8 confirms that the domain-adapted models capture the words better than the non-delineated ones.
 -PERSON17, PERSON14 and PERSON6 discuss the implementation of a fully neural ASR.
 -PERSON6 and PERSON17 agree that we don't have the human capacity to scrape Organization 6's proposal to scrape ORGANIZATION5 and even automatic search.
  They need co-workers to do this task.
 -PERSON14's friend might be able to help.
 -PERSON14, PERSON8 and PERSON17 discuss how to train a neural network to do sentiment analysis.
 -PERSON17, PERSON8 and PERSON6 discuss the implementation of a speech recognition system (ASR) in their company.
 -PERSON17 wants to supervise a student.
 -PERSON6 has some bachelor students at ORGANIZATION6 who might be interested, but they are not czech citizens.
 -PERSON14 can't supervise her student, because they haven't agreed on the bachelor's thesis yet.
 -PERSON PERSON8's visa is approved and she'll probably be in Prague in January.


Minuted by: Team Synapse