DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON10, PERSON5, PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON12 wants to invite PERSON1 to participate in PROJECT4 project.
  He worked on survey about getting sim card, sim card from transformers, from neural network.
  The deadline for OTHER5 is next Monday, June 15th.
  Someone from the project needs to be registered there PERSON3 wants to go to LOCATION2 for PROJECT2.
  It cost 10000 last year for conference and it was in LOCATION6 with Conference dinner and conference trip to the seaside so it doesn't seem propotional.
 -PERSON3 will try to register today and should be PERSON12 is going with PERSON11 to LOCATION4.
 -PERSON4 has a dovolen√° tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
  They have a meeting with PERSON5 in the afternoon.
  They and PERSON3 will meet in afternoon today to go to the meeting.
 -PERSON12, PERSON1, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON1 worked on a project.
  They have almost everything they need for the project except for the book and one long paper.
  The deadline for the long paper is July 1st.
  The next deadline is in January, PERSON12, PERSON3 and PERSON4 worked on the conference papers.
 -PERSON12 wants to send the LOCATION1 paper to Archive and PROJECT3 so that someone can read it.
 -PERSON4 wants to work on the book.
 -PERSON3 worked on organizing the modules chaptures.
 -PERSON11 is half way through the chapture right now.
  They want some of the things removed from the notable models.
 -PERSON12 will write a preface to the book.
  They, PERSON1 and PERSON3 want to share a section about different attention head types in transformers.
  They and PERSON3 will work on the attentions this week.
 -PERSON1 can work with her on the chapture.
 -PERSON12 will work with PERSON1 on the sections about syntax trees based on the attention.
  They want to show more examples from PROJECT5 and PROJECT8.
  The deadline for the book is at the end of June, but the deadline is postponed.
  She wants to have it in some share which is readable and pass it to the reviewers.
  The reviewers need to PERSON1 is writing a survey for PROJECT2 only.
 -PERSON12 wants to send it to PROJECT3.
 -PERSON3, PERSON1, PERSON12 and PERSON4 will attend a conference called LOCATION7 next year.
  The conference will be virtualised and they expect there will be many people from different fields of informatics.
  The deadline for abstract submission is on June 15th.
 -PERSON3 and PERSON12 want to buy some equipement to prepare a paper for PROJECT7, but it's not possible for PERSON1 to introduce to this for couple of months.
 -PERSON3, PERSON12 and PERSON1 don't understand why half of the grant is only for this year and the other half is for the other year.
  There is no money for investing and bonuses are not allowed right now because of the corona crises.
 -PERSON7 bought a laptop from ORGANIZATION4 for some grant.
  He is no longer a student, so he doesn't have a membership in the organisation anymore.
 -PERSON3, PERSON12 and PERSON4 will the official event in LOCATION3.
  They got a mail from PERSON7 that they can come to the event, but not all of them are here today.
  There will be no money left in September, so they need to.


Minuted by: Team ABC