(PERSON14) So- so we need to summary all the components that we have to deploy for the VAT wide group, which is in the end of June. 
So, the first is EB client.
At this point we still have the- we have the repo with- with sample clients, 
and- and we need to decide-
and it's still only the sample and it's not production-
so we need to discuss who- who is respons- who will be responsible to maintain it, 
as fo- f- who to create and maintain the production version, 
and whether it will be in C or Python. <other_noise/>
(PERSON6) Is there an option for doing it in Python? 
As far as I knew, there was no, uh, library to connect to the mediator in Python.
(PERSON12) Yes.
(PERSON16) Uh, for us-
em, we strongly encourage you to use the provided API, which are in Java and in .NET, in order to develop your own -
(PERSON14) Aha.
(PERSON16) clients. 
EB client, as you already explained, is just, uh, an example who explains how to -
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON16) uh, connect and integrate with the service architecture. 
But we strongly encourage you to use the provided API. 
And, of course, the Python 1 are not yet available.
And -
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON16) we have just uploaded an- an example.
<other_yawn/> 
Em, the maintained ones are the Java and the .NET.
(PERSON14) Okay. 
Is there .NET?
I- I didn't see. 
Is it in -in the repo?
(PERSON16) Should be, but- but I can check it again.
(PERSON14) Yeah, I can see only this one. 
I'm always using this one.
Hmm. 
Yep. 
Python binding example.
I tried to build- to start using this, but I would need some more explanation how to build this tool if we need- if we want to -
(PERSON16) Okay.
The Py-
(PERSON14) continue.
(PERSON16) the Python binding is an example of, em, let's say automatic binding, uhm, <other_yawn/> using, em, C- C- C Python.
Ho- wha-
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON16) But-
uh, an example that, uh, [PERSON5] has tried to develop in some automatic way, -
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm.
(PERSON16) uh, but it's- it's not, uh, <laugh/> production API at all.
(PERSON14) <other_yawn/> Yeah.
Uh, so I -
(PERSON16) Okay.
If we have not yet provided the <other_yawn/> .NET API, we will upload them ASAP.
(PERSON14) Okay.
Yeah, it's- it's not here.
(PERSON16) Mm-hmm.
(PERSON14) So, <parallel_talk/> dot- .NET soon <parallel_talk/>.
Hmm. 
And any volunteers to maintain any version of production-ready? version? 
[PERSON2] or- or [PERSON4] or S- [PERSON13]?
If not that I would- 
I personally th- think that the easiest w- will be to- to move the C version from sample to production, and continue in C version, cause this will be, 
I think, the fastest way to continue on it, and we- we- we need to made it robust and- and- and- <other_yawn/> continue on this,
al- although my- I myself, I'm not C programmer, so it will take me s- time to learn it, but it seems to be the easiest way for me.
(PERSON16) Okay, em, [PERSON14], just -
(PERSON14) Yes?
(PERSON16) a thing.
Please use the provided C library and -
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON16) not-
<laugh/> thank you. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yes, the- the library and the sample clients which- which we move from samples to production. 
We may- we- we update them -
(PERSON16) O-
(PERSON14) and ma- made it -
(PERSON16) O-
(PERSON14) m- more robust.
(PERSON16) Okay, thank you.
(PERSON14) So, we need 2 text-to-text clients. 
Yeah, so, there are al- already some samples, in the C sample code,
so we can use them, this is okay. 
And the tests.
We need some -
(PERSON6) I- xcuse me, I would like to mention that-
<unintelligible/> highlighting C-
we would still, for some other tools, be very much interested in having a Python interface -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) if it's technically possible, because most of our staff works in Python and it would be much easier to integrate with our soft.
(PERSON14) Yes, yes.
And can you integrate C- C library into Python?
(PERSON6) Well, it- it can be done in- in a- in a similar way as- uh, as it's done in the- in the repository with C, Python, or Cython or whatever,
but, uh, I- I don't know anything about that, so -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) if the [ORGANIZATION8] can- can help us with that, that would be very helpful.
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm. <other_noise/>
(PERSON16) Well, actually, we- we don't have, uh, Python programmers.
Uh, it was just a test performed by, uh, [PERSON5]. <laugh/>
And, uh, hm, probably, uh, a Python programmer will do a more w- clear and well-working solution. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> for our own solution.
(PERSON14) Ye- yes.
If- if you want Python client and Python libraries,
then feel free to create it for us and then share it with us, because I myself would be also happier with Python. 
I'm stronger with Python than I- than- than in C, but it's small walk to use- to start using Python than C, so it's up to you.
So are you going to- <other_yawn/> to create a Python binding, [PERSON2]?
(PERSON6) I don't want to promise anything on that.
(PERSON14) Okay, so-
(PERSON6) I'll look into it, but I ca- I will not promise anything.
I <unintelligible/> write that down. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Okay, so-
(PERSON6) It might not work.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
So we s- stay with Python.
Maybe I c- 
oh- oh no. 
I can't promise anything too.
So, the test to- 
we need s- some test scripts to test all the pipeline and- <other_yawn/> and r- r- run it in single command. 
I already did something,
like this.
Or-
so, we have this- this repository cruise control on-
it's a private repository, so- so please, [PERSON2] and everyone in [ORGANIZATION3], make sure that you have access here.
If not, send us your GitHub accounts and we will add you. 
It's not problem.
So, later we- we- we will have here one command to install the- the client,
and then run- 
run some test like- like this. 
And if your worker fails on the test, then you- you can up- update it and fix the bug and test it again. 
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> literal group, but I don't <unintelligible/> <other_noise/>
(PERSON14) S- sorry?
I didn't <other_noise/> h- hear you right now.
Can you repeat?
(PERSON6) Uh, I am in the literal group on GitHub, but I don't access <unintelligible/> cruise control. 
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/>
(PERSON14) Okay, so we will manage this later. 
So it's [PERSON2], right? 
(PERSON3) Okay, if anyone doesn't have, uh, access there, please write your name in the [ORGANIZATION2] Docs and I will add you, okay?
(PERSON14) Yeah. <other_noise/>
(PERSON16) Okay, thank you.
(PERSON14) Yeah, or- 
oh, it doesn't matter. <other_yawn/>
So, so the-
<other_yawn/> and, admin web- today, it's- it's quite simple. 
It- it only- it only displays such list of workers. 
[PERSON11], ar- do you plan to- to update it to made it more <other_noise/> advance?
(PERSON16) Well, actually, uh, we haven't plan it, uh, but, of course, we appreciate any feedback. 
Em, hm, [PERSON1] told me you were looking for some kind of, em, check fingerprint functionality.
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON16) Uh, the, uh, web- em, the web, uh, interface has also the search path-
(PERSON14) Yes. 
(PERSON16) uh, page, which actually, em, we already see, doesn't work really well, 
and we will fix it.
(PERSON14) Hm. Yeah. 
(PERSON16) Let me know if it's what you are looking for, or if you have any other suggestion. 
We can plan, -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON16) of course, improvements.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) But I have to say that probably we'll not be ready for the June session.
(PERSON14) Okay, fo- for me it would be okay if you provided us a- a command-line example how to use this search button,
so we can write a script to- to run it from command-line to- to use the search.
(PERSON16) Uh, a- actually, the admin web is database based,
then the reason- the- the- em, <other_yawn/> the worker subscribes and when they subscribe, a database is written-
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON16) em, database record is written-
em, then the reason t- uh, at the moment, a command-line solution perform the same functionality. 
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) Em, but, uh, we can plan it to introduce you us.
It- t's- of course. 
(PERSON14) Okay. 
And if I want- if I have several workers from- f- for example from,
from English- from English audio to Czech- Czech translation, and I-
and the- and the workers are connected-
and I hit the Search, does it find the- the whole path through several workers, o- or only one worker? 
This search. <other_noise/> 
(PERSON16) The searcher will explain you the- em, the full path.
However, you have to, em, write the exact, uh, fingerprint you will use. 
At the moment, the functionality of, uh, approximation of the fingerprint is disabled in order to -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON16) have more control over selected path. 
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON16) Then, if you write the exact input and output it will work. 
(PERSON14) Yeah, okay. 
So which -
(PERSON16) At least I hope so. <laugh/>
It should work, it's much, eh, <laugh/> correct. 
(PERSON14) Which- which machine translation from German is available right now? or from English- English to the -
Okay, so let's- <other_noise/> let's-
we can go- go through it later.  
(PERSON16) Okay.
(PERSON14) Yeah, so, <parallel_talk/> Safe and- <parallel_talk/>.
Yeah, my suggestion was to- to dis- to have a way to distribute the logs from all workers to everyone, so _ 
(PERSON16) Yes, uh, this is, of course, a reasonable, uh, request. 
However, at the moment, the mediator is installed on our server, which are under VPN connection, -
(PERSON14) Yeah. 
(PERSON16) and it's not possible.
However, uh, we can schedule, em, some kind of coordinated checks.
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON16) We can schedule-check and we will check the logs while you test functionalities, -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) or you can ask us to provide you the log of the last week, for example, 
and we can keep them -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON16) manually and send them to you, of course, and to all the- uh, the participants, of course.
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON16) Em, but at the moment, hmm, <other_yawn/> let's say, sale servis on log is not available for, em, <other_noise/> arc- architectural reason,
because it's under VPN, and we cannot provide -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) you access.
(PERSON14) Okay, and the logs from workers which run on some other servers?
(PERSON16) Uh, hmm, actually, workers are distributed, then we cannot obtain logs of, for example, [ORGANIZATION3], uh -
(PERSON14) Yes. 
(PERSON16) workers.
(PERSON16) Such workers has- such logs has to be provided by [ORGANIZATION3]. 
(PERSON14) Yes, yes, I- I'm asking [ORGANIZATION3].
(PERSON16) Okay. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) <laugh/> F- Fe-
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> same story for us. 
The- em, -
(PERSON14) <other_yawn/> Okay.
(PERSON6) the workers are under some specific firewall rules.
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> to connect the mediator but not much else.
(PERSON14) Okay, so- so it's- it's not easy, so you'll probably have to <other_noise/> learn to live without it. <other_noise/> 
Also -
(PERSON16) Well, actually, uh, we can schedule, for example, a coordinated test among all the participants in order to check altogether logs and- and also have access to all the logs together. 
(PERSON16) For example, [ORGANIZATION3] -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) will have a look at [ORGANIZATION3]'s log, we will have look at [ORGANIZATION8] logs and so on. 
(PERSON14) Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
My idea was- was that,
whi- while the conference is running and I'm trying to connect a client, 
then I want to see immediately what's happening on- on [ORGANIZATION3]'s- [ORGANIZATION3]'s ASR worker without asking [PERSON4] to- on [ORGANIZATION1].
So this would be ea- much easier, but if -
(PERSON16) Yes. I -
(PERSON14) if the logs can- can be available after the session, o- once- which <unintelligible/> from the whole week, then- then it's not u- much useful. 
(PERSON16) Yes, I -
 <unintelligible/>
I completely understand. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) However, maybe we can reason-
not for June, but maybe for, em, the further years-
to plan some kind of logs publication service, let's say -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON16) uh, in order to have centralized log application.
(PERSON14) Yes. Yeah.
(PERSON16) Uh, it's- it- it's not on plan, I have to say, but for testing reason might be useful. 
Of course, this is <laugh/> completely out of -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON16) distributed system scope. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah. Okay. 
So let -
(PERSON6) Or I can try and- I don't know f- if this can- can be arranged,
but I can ask whether you can be given server access, so you could -
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON6) look at the logs on our service yourself.
(PERSON14) O- okay, yeah.
(PERSON6) And I can see if that- if that can be arranged.
(PERSON14) Yes.
Yes, this- this could work. 
<parallel_talk/> Can get access to their server to check the logs online. <parallel_talk/>
Thank you. 
So let's move to ASR workers for- for the [PROJECT1]. 
So, [PERSON2], do your ASR worker emit some special tags?
like applause or laughter or s- or something like this? 
Cause if yes, that we need to- we would need to, uh, use them in- in our segmentation and maybe in MT. 
This would be good to know.
(PERSON6) I cannot actually tell you that, because I don't work on the ASR workers.
I was hoping that- and I thought the [PERSON4] would be good. 
Em.
So-
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) em, <other_yawn/> I can't say. 
(PERSON14) Okay, so let's- let's move this to [PERSON4]. 
<parallel_talk/> Uh, to do- [PERSON4] <parallel_talk/>
Okay, and- so for the June event, we need- we need to run 2 se- 2 ASR workers, because we will have 2- o- 1 English source and 1 English repeater, 
which wi- which is a students of interpreting, 
and he will repeat everything the s- the speaker will say. 
Then German and Czech ASR.
So be ready for it.
And we need the segmentation workers- uh, uh, punctuation and segmentation for English, German and Czech.
And are we going to use sentence-level machine translation or subsentence-level?
So, the subsentence-level, it means that the MT is prepared to s- start in middle of sentence and, for example, translate on windows of for- 40 or 50 last words.
(PERSON6) May- maybe I should clarify what the segmentation workers actually do.
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON6) Em, the- the existence of the segmentation workers does not mean that it's- that translation is performed on sentence level. 
The segmentation workers-
<unintelligible/> segmentation is not the right word for them-
they insert punctuation, -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) they remove some- some aspects of- of, em- <other_yawn/> em, of speech.
So some of the-
it can't remove everything-
but some repetitions or- or discontinuities, em -
(PERSON14) Aha.
(PERSON6) are removed. 
But they do transmit partial sentences, 
and it's- and that was ori- originally what was the problem on the last event,
of while we had the- the additional segmenter. 
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON6) Em, these do use the- the so-called resending protocol, where,
when more words of the sentence are available,
the- the partial sentences will be transmitted to the MT. 
So, senten- so, translation is done at a- at a subsentence level,
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON6) but they know the context throughout, uh, the sentence, so no words from the past sentences, obviously. <other_noise/>
(PERSON14) Okay, so- so the [ORGANIZATION3]'s MT is done on subsentence level. 
The- last week I tried to update-
or this week-
I tried to train our English to Czech MT on subsentence level too. 
So, maybe we'll- later we can talk on technical details:
which <unintelligible/> to use, or which window size, and -
(PERSON6) It- it's not a matter of- of window size. 
The- the way we have trained our- our MT is, we- we take the training set and you just, uh, cut off the end of the sentences, because -
(PERSON14) Aha.
(PERSON6) you don't get parts from the middle of the sentence,
you always get the sentence from the beginning to some part in the middle.
(PERSON14) Okay-
do you?
O- ok- okay. 
(PERSON6) That's- that's how the- that's how the segmentation works.
(PERSON14) Aha.
(PERSON6) It always <unintelligible/> come from- of the sentence- from the start of the sentence to as far as it- as we are right now.
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON6) As far as the <unintelligible/> always gotten.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON7) What are you doing if-
are you doing that on the source and the target? 
And where-
how do you decide that some reordering happening? 
(PERSON6) That is a good question. 
That would be a good question for [PERSON15], who has developed the system. 
Unfortunately, he is no longer here,
so I can- I can ask <unintelligible/> I didn't develop that system.
Um, I imagine there is some alignment model from- from SMT <unintelligible/> monitor that decides where to cut off.
And yes, it is done on assertion target.
(PERSON14) <parallel_talk/> of sentence and missing end <parallel_talk/>
Okay, so, will we need, will we have all the MT workers subsentence?
If yes, then we won't need the buffer workers, which wait until the sentence is ready and then send it to MT, and we can skip this completely.
(PERSON12) So, em, the systems- the MT systems I've trained so far have all been sentence-level. 
I- I'm not -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON12) not sure if we'll be able to train subsentence-level systems in time. 
(PERSON14)  <other_yawn/> Okay. 
And- and F- [PERSON2], can you run the s- the buffer worker for f- subsentence to sentence-level?
(PERSON6) I don't think we can. 
(PERSON14) Tra-
(PERSON6) The- the thing is, the [ORGANIZATION3] has, at the same time as the VAT members happening, has as an important demo. 
Most of our capacities are used there, -
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON6) which means that [ORGANIZATION3] will not be able to run the display website for the event. 
(PERSON14) Hm.
(PERSON6) Um, and we can provide the usual translation workers, em,
at least the ones tha- that you wrote there, -
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON6) <other_yawn/> but we would prefer to keep as much of the capacities -
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON6) uh, as possible. 
(PERSON14) So, we need to somehow th- to hack it some wow- somehow.
Maybe to filter all the sentences which don't- <other_yawn/> don't end,
and translate only the sentences which are complete, which end. 
An- and then s- s- send it to the MT worker. <other_yawn/>
(PERSON6) I- I believe, <other_noise/> incomplete sentences, that are marked as such when they're sent to the MT workers, so whatev-  however you program your MT worker, it can check whether the sentence -
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> is incomplete and not translated.
(PERSON14) Okay. So -
(PERSON11) Uh, sorry guys. 
But it's- em, if it's just a matter of, em, hmm, power, let's say, uh, which has to be, em, taken for your important demo.
We can also, uh, be available to perform an installation of the punctuation and segmentation worker on our server if you help us to let it run it,
and in order to provide it as test worker, uh, on the mediator.
(PERSON6) Uh, we can think about that, but it's- it's also a matter of <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON16) Okay, of co- of course, I- I- of course, uh, I perfectly understand that it's <laugh/> an asset, <laugh/> let's say- 
em, but if- which- there's something we can do in order to help you on th- hm, this thing, we are available, of course.
(PERSON6) Uh, thank you. 
Em -
(PERSON16) <laugh/>
(PERSON6) we are quite busy right now in preparing for this- uh -
(PERSON16) No.
(PERSON6) for this template.
(PERSON16) Okay, okay. 
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> demo at- at [ORGANIZATION3], so it's- it's not just a m- a matter of- of process or power, it's also a matter of manpower, and -
(PERSON16) Okay, okay. 
I understand. 
(PERSON14) Yeah. 
Okay, so, I was-
we will definitely need m- an integration of [PROJECT3] e- MT or [PROJECT3] server to [ORGANIZATION8] platform, so I suggest to add these functionality to- to the integration, 
and, for example, to ignore incomplete sentences and don't translate them and wait for- f- for the sentence-level MT from [PERSON4]. 
Okay?
Does- does anyone agree?  
(PERSON16) Yes.
(PERSON7) We've also been thinking whether we can have some incremental functionality, em, which returns- whi- which has its own policy bout return translation by common input.
Um, what we- one thing I ha- haven't quite figured out is, like when you say you're submitting this multiple times. 
Uh, are you submitting partial sentences?
is the next thing that is being submitted just the remainder of the sentence,
or is the full sentence that I can submit it? 
How does- how does the -
<unintelligible/>
sequential output start? 
(PERSON6) As far as I understand, the sentence is always transmitted from the start of the sentence,
but I've also linked, uh, the paper that we published, uh, at Interspeech,
that describes at least part of the process.
(PERSON7) Okay.
Thanks. 
(PERSON14) Hm.
Yeah. 
So, what is this?
<parallel_talk/> Low <parallel_talk/>
Okay.
S- 
hmm.
<parallel_talk/> No multisource <parallel_talk/>
Uh.
Yeah.
We-
this is what [PERSON8]'s wr- wrote us.
<parallel_talk/> Where the t- <parallel_talk/>
We might have some experimental multit- uh, multisource system, but it's not- 
not necessary.
Yeah.
(PERSON6) So, for clarification, multisource means the- the system accepts multiple input streams at the same time?
(PERSON14) Yes. M- mul-, em, input from multiple languages, or f- either from multiple languages, or 2 s- different sources from <other_yawn/> one language. 
(PERSON6) Is that supported by the mediator?
Can you do that?
(PERSON14) Uh, I don't now. <other_noise/>
(PERSON16) It's not yet supported, but we have to plan it, actually, because it's
a- a well-known- well-known <other_noise/> requirement. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah. 
Yeah, okay. 
And is it going to be available f- until June, [PERSON11]? <other_noise/>
(PERSON16) Uh, no, sorry.
(PERSON14) Okay, no problem.
Hmm.
<parallel_talk/> Not in [ORGANIZATION8] mediator in June. <parallel_talk/>
So, we need to- then we need to decide who is going to prepare which MT- which translation.
So, thanks [PERSON4] that he- he indicated the languages.
(PERSON12) Yeah, so this would be a single multi-target system, which does translation out of English.
Em, so I currently have a system that does translation,
into all of the [ORGANIZATION7] languages, -
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm.
um, but that's probably not optimal, 
that's probably trying to do too many languages in one system.
(PERSON14) <other_yawn/> Yes.
(PERSON12) Em, or I will train up the system that just covers, uh, the target languages we need for- for this event.
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Great.
And in- an- and [PERSON2], in the mediator I already saw some- s- some of your MT systems. 
It was into Italian, Spanish, maybe French.
(PERSON6) We have systems into German, English, Italian, French, Spanish, and Portuguese,
I believe.
(PERSON14) Yes.
So can you write which of the systems do you have? like here?
You have English to French, right? or i- was it German to French?
(PERSON6) Em, we ha- I think we have all directions within- wit- within at least <other_yawn/> 5 languages, we have all directions.
Em, I don't know about Portuguese. 
(PERSON14) Yeah.
So please, if you have English to French, or English to German, or any of these directions, write it here,
and we will know that <other_yawn/> we don't need <other_yawn/> -
And then-
yeah.
Yeah, we need to decide who is going to integrate [PROJECT3] MT into [ORGANIZATION8].
S-
I- I think this is either us, the [ORGANIZATION5], or [ORGANIZATION4], because we are going to use [PROJECT3], right?
(PERSON12) Uh, yes, we will be using [PROJECT3] server, em, 
or maybe a wrapper around [PROJECT3] server. 
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON12) Em, uh, currently, we have no experience of rooting, em, uh, the workers for, uh, the [ORGANIZATION8] platform. <other_noise/> 
Like if we had- if we had an example for a different translation system, maybe we could adapt to. 
 Well, I would -
(PERSON16) Well, <unintelligible/> should GitHub repo.
There are the example.
But- please feel- write me, so we can have, uh, a one-to-one discussion over support on this topic.
Of course, we will provide you all the documentation required.
(PERSON12) Okay, thank you.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON14) Yes, -
(PERSON16) You're welcome. <other_noise/>
(PERSON14) there is- I can show you there is-
<parallel_talk/> exampleClient, SMT <parallel_talk/> yeah, this is 4 clients.
there should be-
yeah-
backend SMT-
this is the way how to start.
(PERSON12) Oh, okay, I- I missed that one.
One minute?
Okay. 
(PERSON14) Yeah.
So can- can you do it? 
Because, hm, there is some sign-
(PERSON12) Uh, we-
we- we can try.
Um.
Yeah, ho- hopefully, it will work out with a support form.
Uhm, [PERSON11]?
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) So I- I will link the GitHub page to our, em, MT worker systems. 
Em, of course, the s- the series code, it's still a <unintelligible/> from being a deployed system, but if you're <other_noise/> interested, you can use that,
it already has integration of 3 different, uh, MT systems.
It should not be that difficult to integrate another one.
If you want to -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) do that. 
(PERSON14) Yeah.
So, this is perfect, that [PERSON4] is going to do it, because some C programming is necessary to do it right now.
I'm not a real expert in it.
So thank you, [PERSON4].
(PERSON12) Okay, no problem.
(PERSON14) Yeah. 
Then we need some lifestream selection, cause at the conference we will have, hm, several options for- se- several sources of German interpreter- o- or German interpreters, or source- source, or respeakers, 
and we need- we need another skilled interpreter who will change which stream is going to be the main one, depending on the quality of- of the sources.
And this is something between worker and client.
<other_yawn/> We need to- we need the graphical user interface, or some- some interface to- to- to connect the sources into MT or mediators, or s- e- etcetera. 
Do you understand what- what do we need?
<other_noise/> what is this?
(PERSON17) Uh -
(PERSON14) or should I repeat?
(PERSON17) No.
If- okay, I try to repeat it in order to check if I correctly understood. 
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm.
(PERSON16) You need some kind-
probably on the presentation platform, let's say-
you need, em, a- a kind of, em, <other_yawn/> graphical user interface in order to select the s- stream sources for, hmm, the- the transcription output.
(PERSON14) Yes. 
(PERSON16) Okay. 
Uh, it- it's- it's planned to be like this. 
(PERSON14) <other_yawn/> Okay. 
And this is going to be for- uh, this is one- one session for the organizers who distribute it for others, right?
It's- it's not for the- it's not that every user can use- or- ca- can choose their f- their- i- thei- their output.
(PERSON16) No- no. 
No, no, no, no. 
Of course, it will be protect by credentials. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah, okay.
So, s- there wil-
one organizer is going to control it for all- <other_yawn/> for the whole audience. 
Okay, so-
so [PERSON11] is going to prepare it? 
(PERSON16) Well, um, <other_yawn/> it will be part of the presentation platform, and -
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON16) when we are ready, we will also share with you, uh, functional requirements and the word documentation, in order to check altogether.
(PERSON14) Yeah, great.
So, we are moving to presentation platform, the next point.
<parallel_talk/> The platform must <parallel_talk/>
Yeah. 
Yeah, thi- these are some requirements what the <other_noise/> presentation platform will need. 
That- <parallel_talk/> It must jump on available session if we restart the EB client <parallel_talk/>.
(PERSON16) Uh, <other_noise/> okay, this is actually, uh, em, a- a reasonable request, <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Yeah, yeah.
(PERSON16)  uh, but, probably, it will not be, uh, ready as functionality for June. 
However, I take a note and we will introduce you in functional -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) requirements.
(PERSON14) Okay.
<parallel_talk/> Probably not in June. <parallel_talk/>
Yeah.
[PERSON8] promised to do video grabbing and streaming, in addition to global subtitles for the main screen.
So for- for the June event, we need some version of- of presentation client, or worker or something, 
and he can add it to- to- to- to the screen.
He already has some scripts to it.
<other_yawn/> Yeah. <other_noise/>
<parallel_talk/> Fallback needed. <parallel_talk/>
Okay, s- so please take this note, [PERSON11].
(PERSON16) Yep.
Em, <other_yawn/> well, actually, I'm not, em, hm, so experienced in video streaming and so on, -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) but [PERSON5] told me that everything should work until, um, everything is streamed using HLS protocol, -
(PERSON14) H -
(PERSON16) which is the- the usual, streaming protocol for video. 
Then if -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) slides are streamed as video, let's say, -
(PERSON14) Mm-hmm.
(PERSON16) em, should work.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
But, of course, when we, hm, have all the requirements and the architecture are ready, we can check again everything together,
in order to check if we missed something, or if there's something more required, or if we completely misunderstood something. <laugh/>
(PERSON14) Okay.
I think, for June, we need either Website which shows the subtitles as they are going on, or- or it can be command-line application.
And- and we write -
(PERSON16) But -
(PERSON14) the s- the script to put the- the browser window to the- to the screen with- with presentation. 
(PERSON16) <other_yawn/> Well, actually, it's, hmm, the idea is to prepare a Web application.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) Uh, since- em, I'm going through the literal documentation and the requirements are both: 
User have to, uh, ch- hm, have a- assess to stream slides or stream video and subtitles on their personal devices, -
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON16) uh, but, of course, when it's all web-based, I think that it will work well also full screen on the main screen.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
Okay, perfect.
(PERSON16) We- um, a- actually, I- I'm not really experienced in such, uh, em, technical data, but, hmm, my opinion should work.
(PERSON14) Yes. <other_noise/>
Yes.
The next- next question is that- whether- if we are going to the- the English ASR adaptation based on documents provided by participants.
I think th- that we-
[PERSON8] already wrote an e-mail that we're not going to do it, right?
This is question to [ORGANIZATION3]. 
Ar- are you there, [PERSON2]?
(PERSON6) And so for- for the- a demo this month, we will not be able to do that.
(PERSON6) We are, uh, -
(PERSON14) Okay.
(PERSON6) already <unintelligible/> our ASR workers for our own demo.
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON6) Um, can you remind me what is the event in June?
(PERSON14) It's- it's on- on the last weekend of June, 28th until the 30th of June.
(PERSON6) And that is? wha- what event is that?
(PERSON14) This event is meeting of maybe 15 members of [ORGANIZATION7], a- and they're going to discuss something on, uh, the value-added tags.  
<other_yawn/> And it will be in, uh-
they- they are going to speak in English-
or all the participants from like 5 countries or- or something like this-
and w- and we can- <other_yawn/> we can, uh, interpret them, anyway.
(PERSON6) So ther- there may have been some miscommunication.
Then what is the event taking place at, uh,16th of May?
Then-
(PERSON14) The- the event on 16 of May? There's not going any event on this, I think. 
It's next week, 16. 
Yes, because ou- our demo is next week -
(PERSON14) Aha. 
(PERSON6) and I understood that the- event was in fact that week. <other_noise/> 
<unintelligible/> serious miscommunication.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON6) Um -
(PERSON14) Next week there is another call, on next Friday at 10 AM,
so we need to discuss, probably, progress on all these tasks.
Yeah, but I do not now any other event. <other_yawn/>
(PERSON6) I see <unintelligible/> in that case, some- some dates may <unintelligible/>.
Um, so, for next month, um, we may be able to do some- some adaptation.
Um, it will probably just involved adding some words to language model.
(PERSON14) Yes.
(PERSON6) With- without actual, uh, voice from the speaker we- we couldn't actually train and adapt the ASR.
(PERSON14) Yeah, okay. 
So-
so I write, <parallel_talk/> Yes, you will- you will- you will try. <parallel_talk/>
<other_yawn/> Yeah, and similar question for adaptation of machine translation.
The Ch- the [ORGANIZATION5] can- can get some data related to the domain that will be discussed at the workshop from TAUS.
And the question is whether we're interested.
This is for [PERSON4].
And if yes, for which language pairs?
(PERSON7) This is- is this parallel data you can get? or is this monolingual data?
(PERSON14) I don't now, probably both.
Or -
(PERSON12) If- if it's parallel data, we can use it for fine-tuning, I guess.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON12) Em, monolingual data, I'm not so sure we- what we do with that. 
(PERSON14) Yeah.
<parallel_talk/> Parallel yes, monolingual no. <parallel_talk/> 
And for which language pairs?
I guess for all?
(PERSON12) Yeah, any of the- the pairs _ 
(PERSON14) Okay. 
out of English.
<parallel_talk/> For all. <parallel_talk/>
And-
okay.
And the last question from [PERSON8] is: Which metholo- methodology to use for selecting the final models?
Because we may have several ASR models, several MT models, 
and we need- and they will be adapted to different domains, or they will have different quality, different robustness to foreign accents,
and there will be- it will be, uh, necessary to switch them online on the conference, based on some metric, either- e- either by some expert who will switch- switch it-
who will look at the outputs and switch it online or use some test sets.
So what- what do you suggest?
M- my suggestion is that we're probably not going to solve this problem, because we will happy that we- we will have at least one system for all functionality. 
But he probably-
f- for that- which test sets to use?
like Ted Talks, or- or create our own ones?
If- if we're able <other_noise/> to get parallel data for TAUS,
then, of course, we could hold out some of that <unintelligible/> -
(PERSON14) Data?
Data from what? I didn't understand one word.
(PERSON12) Um, so in- in the previous Python, um-
you're saying we can get, um, VAT data from TAUS.
(PERSON14) Yeah.
(PERSON12) So, if there's- if there's parallel data, we can use that for the MT test sets.
(PERSON14) Okay.
Yes. 
<parallel_talk/> Parallel from TAUS. <parallel_talk/>
Yeah, this is good idea.
(PERSON7) I- I'm a bit worried that we might not be able to decide it too early, because, uh,
even if we have some test set and then we measure translation quality on that, um, there will also be some interactions like with i- incomplete inputs that we'll have to, um,
see how these in- uh, different modules interact, 
and how robust, for example, machine trans- different machine translation systems we'll have are to that.
(PERSON14) Hmm.
(PERSON7) There might also be difference in t- differences in terms of lack that might be relevant for the conference to make the decision.
(PERSON14) Yes.
<other_yawn/> Yeah.
So, thank you ev- everyone.
I think we are done.
Or does anyone have <other_noise/> any questions or comments? or anything?
(PERSON16) No.
<other_yawn/> If not that a-
okay, so thank you everyone, and s- let's call again next Friday at te- 10 AM.
(PERSON16) Okay, thank you so much.
(PERSON7) Alright, thank you, bye.
(PERSON14) Yeah. Thank you, goodbye. 
(PERSON16) Bye.
(PERSON3) Bye-bye. 
(PERSON12) Goodbye.
