DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON23, PERSON16, PERSON11, PERSON21, PERSON12, PERSON10, PERSON9, PERSON15, PERSON5, PERSON20, PERSON2, PERSON19, PERSON6, PERSON3


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON5 is trying to get everything running properly on his side of the call.
 -PERSON4 will join a little bit later.
  The real video mixer is ordered and will be there on Wednesday.
 -PERSON5 wants to see the full workload of imputs, ehm, and all target languages in the presentation platform.
  He wants to switch theline during someone's talk.
  The presentation platform is not yet updated.
  A working copy will be released next week.
  The voice quality is not PERSON5 invites PERSON9, PERSON2, PERSON4 and PERSON12 to come to the meeting on Tuesday lunchtime.
  The meeting will take place on Wednesday morning and on Tuesday afternoon.
 -PERSON5 wants the interpreters' booths to be able to see their subtitles PERSON5, PERSON3 and PERSON9 want to discussed how to set up a little path out from the main path, which goes through the translation ehm and all that.
  They want to collect feedback from the participants.
 -PERSON5 wants to record a video from the organiser's form.
  Organizer3 will decide on Monday if the student journalist can enter the building and record inside or outside of the building.
  Organization 4 will finalise the content of the form on Wednesday and give it to the participants PERSON5 wants to use a camera and a big camera to record the event.
  Organizing3 has to confirm that they are fine with that.
  They need to have a nondisclosure agreement for the interpreter as well.
  The interpreter must sign the same thing as the interpreter.
  The organiser signed a non agreement with the participants.
  There are concerns about the quality of the input quality and the data protection of the participants' data.
  There is only two English segmenters so they can run two languages at once.
 -PERSON5, PERSON3, PERSON20, PERSON11 and PERSON9 worked on a project.
  They are having problems with the video broadcastings and with the presentation platform.
 -PERSON9, PERSON11, PERSON13, PERSON5, and PERSON3 are having problems with the ASR.
  They are trying to solve the problem, but it's not working.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON11, and PERSON17 worked on a project.
  One of the ASR workers is not working.
  There is only one English segmenter and it's not available, but two German ones are.
 -PERSON9 is trying to reach PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON9 and PERSON10 worked on a mockinterpreter conference.
  The translation system from Organization 1 is not working properly.
  They need German and Polish subtitles to pass the translation system.
 -PERSON7 is not here today for medical reasons PERSON5 is joining the other call.
 -PERSON11 is the LGcode from Organization 1.
  There is a problem with managing user's data for the GDPR.
  It would be nice to have the HTTPS mandatory on the presentation interface.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON9 are having problems with a recording from last year workshop.
  They worked on it as soon as possible.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON11 will be off for an hour or two.
  They will come back in the afternoon.
 -PERSON2 will finish a microtest script and upload it to the crise control repo.
 -PERSON9 will write a script to test the ASR+ segmenter Yes.


Minuted by: Team ABC