DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON23, PERSON16, PERSON11, PERSON21, PERSON12, PERSON10, PERSON9, PERSON15, PERSON5, PERSON20, PERSON2, PERSON19, PERSON6, PERSON3


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON5, PERSON11, PERSON4, PERSON20 and PERSON9 worked on a presentation today.
  They are trying to get everything running on their side so that they can have more interchannels.
 -PERSON5 and PERSON9 worked on a presentation.
  The presentation platform is not yet updated.
  The voice quality of the interpreter is not perfect.
  Wednesday is available for the full guesting at South Premises.
 -PERSON9 will be here on Wednesday evening or even earlier.
 -PERSON5 wants to connect more formal laptops to the Internet.
  The idea is to have ehm notebooks also in the interpreters' booths.
  People will be able to choose one of the service languages displayed in the main page of the presentation platform.
  They are preparing a video form for the workshop.
 -PERSON4 will present it to the participants on Wednesday.
 -PERSON5 has a PhD student who will be the more skilled in journalism.
 -PERSON9 wants to record something inside the building, PERSON5, PERSON2, PERSON4 and PERSON16 are trying to set up a system to record the participants and record the interviews with journalists.
  Organizing3 has signed a non-disclosure agreement and they will not do any bad thing.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON9 and PERSON20 worked on a call.
  There is a problem with the microphone.
  There are only two English segmenters so they can run at most two languages at once.
  There's an issue with the video broadcastings.
  There PERSON11, PERSON5, PERSON3 and PERSON9 are having problems with the ASR.
  The ASR is not working at the moment.
  The last published message is three minutes old, so no one is publishing right now.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON9, and PERSON10 worked on a project.
  They need to pass the translation system from ORGANIZATION1 to other languages, but it's not working.
 -PERSON5, PERSON10 and PERSON11 are on a conference call.
  There is a problem with managing user's data.
  It's not mandatory, but it would be nice to have it mandatory for the event.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON2 are trying to upload a recording from last year workshop, but they can't see any output.
  The second instance of the segmenter doesn't output anything, but the first one is connected and it's outputting the text.
  They and PERSON2 will come back in the afternoon to check the source language in the presentation platform.
 -PERSON3 will write a script to test the ASR+ segmenter.


Minuted by: Team ABC