DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4


SUMMARY
- PERSON12 wants to invite PERSON1 to participate in PROJECT4 project.
- He is working on survey about getting sim card, sim card from transformers, from neural network.
- The deadline for OTHER5 is next Monday, June 15th.
- Someone from the project needs to be registered PERSON3 will try to register today and should be able to go to LOCATION2.
- PERSON12 will go with PERSON11 to LOCATION4 tomorrow.
- PERSON3 has one more meeting today at 1 p.m. and PERSON4 has a call at 4 pm.
- On Monday they will meet before, before lunch on Monday.
- PERSON3, PERSON12, PERSON1 and PERSON4 will meet in the afternoon today to talk about the project.
- The paper was to PROJECT2 was accepted, but the book and one long paper are still missing.
- PERSON3, PERSON12 and PERSON4 are having problems with writing of the PROJECT3 paper.
- They need one more jurnal paper to meet the deadline in July.
- The deadline is in the January, two jurnals and one dedline as on January and the other in PERSON4 has written one paragraph and half of a chapter yesterday.
- PERSON3 has started working on structure of the chapters.
- PERSON4 is done with teaching this semester.
- PERSON11 will write a preface to the book.
- PERSON3 will copy and delete some of the work from the chapture and make a new one.
- PERSON12 and PERSON1 are going to write a survey about different attention head types in different transformers.
- PERSON1 and PERSON3 will work with PERSON12 on the attentions.
- PERSON12 will work on the syntax trees based on the attention.
- PERSON12 wants to regenerate and show more examples from PROJECT5 and PROJECT8.
- She wants to have it by the end of June in some share which is readable and pass it to the reviewers.
- PERSON1 is writing a survey for PROJECT7.
- PERSON12 wants to send it to PROJECT3 instead.
- The deadline is after the notification of PROJECT1.
- The conference is in November.
- It will be virtualised.
- The location is LOCATION7, which will be there in 2021.
- PERSON3, PERSON1 and PERSON12 are going to attend a virtualised conference.
- There will be an option to participate remotely.
- The abstract submission is due on Monday, 15 June.
- If it's fysicall, you will have one point in PROJECT6 PERSON1, PERSON12 and PERSON3 want to buy some equipement for their project, but it's not possible.
- They will have to spend half of their salary on the survey.
- Half of the grant for this year will be cut.
- The university cannot pay bonuses at the moment because of the corona crises.
- PERSON12 needs to go through the papers and find out if it's possible to buy computers from the budget.
- PERSON7 bought the computer that PERSON12 is now using for some grant.
- PERSON13 bought a laptop from Organizing4.
- The deadline for PROJECT1 notification is at the beginning of August and the deadline for black boxes is in September.
- There is no money left in September, so they will have to print the books and that.
- They got a mail PERSON3, PERSON11, PERSON7, PERSON10 and PERSON12 will come to the meeting.
- If they don't get in, they will deal with the PR person.


Minuted by: Team Synapse