DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON12, PERSON15, PERSON16, PERSON18, PERSON24, PERSON3, PERSON7


SUMMARY
- PERSON1, PERSON15, PERSON7, PERSON12, PERSON16, PERSON10, and PERSON24 are here.
- PERSON24 is running the experiments that PERSON12 told him a while ago.
- PERSON15 is a little worried about the multi source status for the deliverable.
- PERSON15, PERSON12 and PERSON24 will meet tomorrow at 2 pm or 3 pm to discuss the multi-source research in the text domain.
- They want to combine the document level aspect with the multilingual aspect of the research.
- They will use the text from ORGANIZATION6 and translate it.
- PERSON15 will send a link to the calendar and plan the meeting for Tuesday or Wednesday.
- PERSON10 will finish the language model checking of ASR outputs.
- The integration will be more on PERSON8 and PERSON3.
- The other person on the call is probably going to be late.
- PERSON15 reminds PERSON3 that profanity filtering is not yet integrated.
- It's important to have the set up so that people can integrate and tested it themselves.
- PERSON3 will explain to PERSON6 how to do it, so that he can run it for himself.
- PERSON15, PERSON3 and PERSON15 discuss profanity filtering and the spasm detection and removal.
- The new ASR, the end to end ASR also suffers from the spasms issues.
- Two profanity filters are needed: one after the ASR and the other after the MT.
- PERSON3 has a call with PERSON10 later today.
- PERSON10 is preparing for the upcoming Monday seminar that's going to be given by the author of PROJECT1.
- On Monday they will hear the Italian English and yesterday they had a chance to hear the Japanese English.
- The ASR was struggling with that.
- The current idea is to create new sentences by concatenating words from different sentences.
- PERSON1, PERSON15 and PERSON18 need to record the experience from the ORGANIZATION7 and as the one sessions.
- They need to make sure the whole set up is understandable and regularly tested by others in the team.
- Yesterday, the pipeline had to be started by PERSON10 and PERSON8, but they failed, so they are relying on one person who is able to start the pipeline.
- PERSON15, PERSON18 and PERSON3 need to discuss the configuration of the pipeline set ups with Coach.
- Been.
- Next week, he wants to hear from them how far they got in the specifications of the requirements.
- They need to remove the scripts that have the similar performance or only leave the usable ones.
- PERSON15, PERSON16, PERSON18 and PERSON15 are discussing the performance of their multilingual subtitling platform.
- They agree that it's better to use multiple word, multiple replicas of the same workers and, each emitting a different subset of languages than to use a single rainbow worker.
- PERSON15, PERSON12, PERSON16 and PERSON3 are having problems with the performance of the PROJECT3 tool.
- They are going to discuss it in the devel at the ORGANIZATION5 mailing list, because it's a low level issue.
- PERSON18 was working with PROJECT3 and had several problems.
- He is working on shortening and extending models and running out of storage quota.
- He will use PROJECT5 dash ORGANIZATION5 for the technical issues.
- If you have random questions, ask around.
- PERSON16 needs to ask IT EDU for more space on Troja.
- He has 50 gigabytes of space, but he can ask for much more.
- He needs to check the quota.
- He will write to PERSON19 about it tomorrow at 2 pm.
- PERSON15, PERSON16, PERSON18, PERSON15, and a guy from Zabrican, who is interested in joining their group, but he needs to apply for a PHD by the end of the year.
- They need the evaluation of all systems, all files, in the test set automated in PROJECT5.
- PERSON3 will have a call with PERSON7 later to discuss automating the ASR evaluation.
- After that, he will call PERSON15 and they will arrange a meeting to discuss how to record the results of the evaluation.
- PERSON7 will write it into the deliverable.
- PERSON15 wants to make sure that they have the important people around the globe available for important sessions.
- They also need to know which components they are using and who are the people behind these components.
- The long-term focus is also very important.
- PERSON15 would like to put their names next to those for the people who are long term.
- PERSON15 is looking for someone who can work on the non native accent.
- PERSON3 could be the only person responsible for that.
- PERSON10 is already starting the data collection, but he would like to see the benefit of the domain adaptation in the PROJECT2 set up.
- PERSON15, PERSON3 and PERSON16 are working on a new AI system.
- They want to create a training set from ORGANIZATION3 and scrape the data from it to create an academic paper.
- PERSON1 hasn't heard from a potential colleague or friend yet.
- PERSON15, PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON16 want to use sentiment analysis to filter profanity and positive speak from social media posts.
- They need help from their colleagues to do this.
- They are looking for someone who is in touch with someone who can help them.
- PERSON16 sends a link to a cable competition where people had to make models to detect the tweets or like sentences which were harmful in some ways.
- The setting of the competition is slightly different from these competitions and the difference is that the speakers don't expect to use abusive language.
- The subjectivity of the subjectivity is important, but it could be less severe in this setting.
- PERSON1, PERSON15, PERSON11, PERSON21, and PERSON3 are going to meet next week to discuss the tasks they need to do.
- They are also going to talk to the elderly students who are already in Prague for the first or second year about helping with the task of shortening MT.


Minuted by: Team Synapse