DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON17, PERSON19, PERSON21, PERSON8, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- Today is the deadline for adding new content to the book.
- PERSON9 and PERSON17 have everything there already.
- PERSON8 has some to does but not the big to does.
- The multilinguality is missing.
- The introduction is to do.
- The other sections are finished.
- The text is not final but the content is there.
- PERSON8 and PERSON9 have 13 hours to arrange the chocolate in the box.
- They need to copy the pictures from the paper and put them there.
- They have to check the licence of the paper.
- If it's from ORGANIZATION1 antology, it's OK, if it's creative comments it's not.
- PERSON17 and PERSON8 are going to create a book based on Proceedings of something on ORGANIZATION1 web.
- They need to cite the source and include the creative comments atribution 4.0 international licence.
- They also need to list the licence.
- PERSON8 and PERSON9 talk about event fractuality.
- They discuss how to organize information about the experiments in different tasks.
- They divide the figure into two pictures.
- They talk about how to group information into different categories and focus on different parts of the text.
- PERSON9, PERSON8 and PERSON17 need to revamp the chapter 5.2 and 5.3 of the book.
- They also need to change the font size and change the text on the text.
- The text needs to be written by PERSON21 and some parts rewritten.
- PERSON9, PERSON8, PERSON17 and PERSON21 are working on a book.
- They need to improve the chapters 3.1, 3.2, 4.1 and 4.2.
- They also need to train FastText embeddings and Word2vec.
- PERSON17 and PERSON21 have different colour schemes for different models.
- The FastText shows the structure of the colour scheme clearly.
- It's possible for Czechs to show the structure in English but not for English.
- PERSON8 suggests that the basic numbers should be normalized a bit.
- The chapter is almost done.
- PERSON17 and PERSON21 are arguing about the quality of the figures in the book.
- They decide to leave the ugly figures to the end and improve the figures after it's been sent to the reviewers.
- The code is terrible, but it's OK to improve it.
- PERSON9 and PERSON17 are going to change the text and the picture of the figure 4.1 in order to make it easier to read.
- They are also going to edit the figures 4.6, 4.8 and 4.9.
- In order to do that, they will have to install Inkscape.
- PERSON9, PERSON17, PERSON8, and PERSON21 are working on a project.
- The deadline is today at midnight.
- They need to make the lines in the PROJECT3 sch≈Øzky document, green, and add PCA and ICA.
- They also need to read all of the book and comment it.
- PERSON9, PERSON8 and PERSON17 are discussing the structure of the introductions to the books they are going to read.
- PERSON21 brought some books to have a look at how they are structured.
- They will have 3 conclusions, a summary and a conclusory.
- PERSON9, PERSON17 and PENPERSON8 are going to write a book.
- They will write the summary in English, German, French and translate it into Hindo.
- The book is going to be shorter than the other books in the series, but they will add some pictures.
- PERSON9, PERSON8 and PERSON17 will have a meeting at 2 p.m. on Monday, 13th July.
- The meeting is planned for 12: 30.
- They will go to lunch before the PROJECT2 meeting at 12:30 and then to the office for a beer.
- PERSON8 has holiday from Thursday.
- PERSON9 has holiday the next week.
- PERSON21 has holiday next week, but he will be working.
- There are tutorials on Sunday at 2 p.m. on the ORGANIZATION1 website.
- There will be prerecorded presentations and live QA sessions.
- The presentations will be broadcasted.
- PERSON8 will be on the train at 3 p.m. LOCATION1 time.
- There are a lot of people registered to watch the session.
- It's possible that one of them could be registered as well.
- They need to pay for it.
- If they don't have any paper, they can end the session and end it.


Minuted by: Team Synapse