DATE : 2023-05-01
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON12, PERSON15, PERSON18, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON8, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- PERSON2 and PERSON9 are in the last call before the Christmas.
- They want to discuss their experience from running the sessions, the PROJECT5 session that they had and PROJECT4.
- The report of multilingual machine translations is almost complete and is ready for review.
- The payment PERSON15 is going to check if there is a table with the details of the PROJECT2 test set.
- There is no table.
- PERSON8 has not completed his part yet, but will do it today.
- PERSON2 will help PERSON17 and push PERSON17 to have the numbers there within this week, so that she can review it early next week.
- PERSON5 has received an almost complete version with sections for ASR, MT, NSLT, but not for PROJECT2.
- PERSON9 wants to know if the delbls are in good shape.
- PERSON2 will make sure to submit them before the end of the year, on the New Year's Eve at the latest.
- PERSON12 is reporting some minor bugs with the ASR system.
- The training is PERSON2 and PERSON18 are going to do English to five models 9 times to cover the 43 target languages.
- Before starting to train the models, PERSON16 is going to evaluate them.
- PERSON2 will ask PERSON17 or PERSON16 to synchronize and run the models as, as workers.
- ORGANIZATION3 does not have to deploy ten workers, if all of them are based on the same multilingual model.
- There is no possibility to let a worker provide more than one finger PERSON2, PERSON6 and PERSON18 agree on saving for the partner's resources.
- ORGANIZATION3 will deploy the two to five system as a pair of workers where one of them goes from English into five, and the other goes from German into four.
- PERSON18 wants to know if all the languages will be finished in some form before the end of the year.
- PERSON2 and PERSON15 want to make sure that the table by PERSON17 contains the translation for English into four languages and German into four.
- PERSON18 made a fix to the text client to improve the ASR system and improve models from ORGANIZATION3.
- The next milestone is the improve spoke language translation prototype.
- PERSON1 and PERSON2 are going to attend the trade fair of the students companies in March.
- There will be a competition 90 seconds in a lift and a test or set of speeches of non-native speakers who use English.
- They want to record them and then prepare another, test PERSON1 wants to focus on the Clearest voice competition at the fair.
- PERSON2 would like to limit it to the dissemination into high school students.
- The next important session is going to take place in mid-April, not in May as originally planned.
- It's to have the management bits of the ORGANIZATION5 completed, and the other part of the project is the transition.
- PERSON5 needs to figure out the platform, Next year PROJECT5 will probably take place towards the end of the year.
- It will be similar to PROJECT5 2021, except that they will try to go public and make the system, system, used by others.
- They need to record feedback and measure impact.
- There will be many smaller PERSON2 and her colleagues are planning a test session for them.
- They will try to do domain adaptation.
- On the evening of the day, colleagues are putting together the premier of a computer-written theater play.
- It will be in Czech and the premier will be interpreted with a human The semester is finishing, so there will be fewer Monday seminars.
- There will be two big test sessions, PROJECT5 and PROJECT4, probably in December and ORGANIZATION5 congress in January.
- The PROJECT5 2020 event was held.
- People need to be ready for another bomb excavation and other things and have worker rounds.
- They need to arrive at the session at a quarter past 8 to make sure that everything is running properly.
- The recording of the sessions is also important.
- The PROJECT4 and PROJECT5 2020 were very bad at recording the sessions.
- Some of the recordings were without sound.
- They need to nominate someone who will be responsible for making recordings of the important sessions.
- PERSON2 asks for volunteers to be responsible for recording for the holocaust survivors conference, the Malach test session and the theater play written by GPT2 and through.
- PERSON4, PERSON2 and PERSON9 are planning a mid-January, technical call to discuss how to prepare a project for PROJECT2.
- PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON15, PERSON5, PERSON2, and PERSON18 are going to meet to discuss how to improve the system.
- PERSON2, PERSON4 and PERSON18 are going to use a GPU instead of a CPU in PROJECT3.
- PERSON2 and PERSON4 want to test the dockerized systems on their hardware.
- They want to do it before the Metaforum, but it's not a priority for the project.
- PERSON2 will ask PERSON7 to do a poll about the complexity of PROJECT2.
- PERSON4 wants to know more about simultaneous SLT and how it could be made better.
- PERSON4 would like to know how to improve their models for simultaneous SLT.
- They don't have a test set, so they have to wait for Dominik to prepare one.
- PERSON2, PERSON4 and their research partners in the consortium were asked to collaborate more.
- They will try to plan a paper with a particle experiment, either the weight K versus whatever the by-dual people did as well as the minimum translation units.
- The ORGANIZ PERSON18, PERSON2 and PERSON4 want to do an experiment on simultaneous SLT.
- They have the text translation of the verbatim transcript and the real transcript of the interpreter.
- They also have the data to train a data augmentation system to augment normal text translation PERSON2, PERSON18, PERSON4, me and possibly others will meet from the first week of January to create a subteam within the project.
- PERSON2 will set up a doodle poll for finding a regular slot in the week of January.
- PERSON4, PERSON18, PERSON12 and PERSON2 will start regular weekly calls.
- PERSON12 is going to compile first betaversion of the corpus and pass it to PERSON4 and PERSON2 will get in touch with PERSON16 and update him about the ASR.


Minuted by: Team Synapse