DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON12 is supervising the creation of the PROJECT1 test set and the edible SLT test set.
  They, PERSON11 and PERSON3 will talk about the tools that are necessary for the evaluation of the project.
  They want to set up a visualizer to validate the source channels for a live sessions.
  She also wants to release a set up to clean up the cruise control set up.
  She wants to help her students, Suni and Suni's English ASR and her Czech AS There are many bugs in the segmenter.
  One of them is a configuration bug.
  The other one is a communication issue.
  There is an issue with the ASR with more number of source.
 -PERSON12 needs to change his or her daily routine and get used to checking the list of issues and ticking them off in the issue tracker.
  He doesn't know what to do when he has an error in the pipeline.
 -PERSON11 has prepared 21 languages test set and uploaded 6 languages on the GitHub.
 -PERSON13 is supervising him and PERSON13 should be in close touch with PERSON11.
 -PERSON12 wants to streamline the work of the ASR system for edible SLT share task.
  The ASR workers are not much better than before.
 -PERSON4 is starting to train his implementation in English.
 -PERSON8 is also trying to train another Project6 based ASR.
 -PERSON6 will reformat the MT wrapper and online text events.
  They are training the PROJECT6 co ORGANIZATION4 common voice English ASR.
 -PERSON8, PERSON12 and PERSON14 discussed how to train a language model on similar text as the MT model.
 -PERSON3 suggests integrating the segmentor with the Czech ASR.
 -PERSON12, PERSON14, and PERSON6 discusseded the implementation of the cruise control system.
  The system is integrated, but there are some parts that are not.
  There are scripts which run the worker on the coster.
  There is a need to increase the set of PERSON11 and PERSON10 need to gather monolingual data, in all the 42 languages, and translate it to English with the models by PERSON10.
  They need to put it on the ORGANIZATION6 disc.


Minuted by: Team ABC