DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The connection to ean seems to work today.
 -PERSON12, PERSON14, PERSON3 and PERSON8 can hear each other.
 -PERSON14 is signing in to Gmail, but it's not required to.
  They will meet every Tuesday for 30 PERSON12 is supervising the creation of the PROJECT1 test set and the edible SLT test set.
  The set of tools that they have at hand is nicely growing.
 -PERSON3 worked on setting up client audio visualization.
 -PERSON12 wants to set up a visualizer to validate the source channels for a live sessions.
  He also wants to release a set up to clean up the cruise control set up.
 -PERSON3 and PERSON12 are dissatisfied with the quality of the segmenter they worked on.
  They want someone to supervise their students.
 -PERSON3 added a bug few months ago, but he forgot to run the ASR to prevent it again.
  There is a configuration bug in the system.
  The issue tracker in GitHub should be used for cruise control.
 -PERSON12 is unable to change his or her daily routine of checking the list of issues and ticking the them off in the issue tracker.
  There is an error in the log file.
  The error can be any worker anywhere.
  There is a log file for the dry run workshop.
  The path to the workshop is on PERSON16's machine.
 -PERSON12 has uploaded 6 languages on the GitHub.
 -PERSON13 has uploaded several languages and provided transcription of workshop.
 -PERSON12 wants to check the status of annotators.
 -PERSON12 and PERSON11 set up a process for each of the annotators to follow.
 -PERSON6 evaluated the new ASR workers for edible SLT.
 -PERSON12 is frustrated with the ASR that they have from ORGANIZATION1.
 -PERSON4 is starting to train his implementation in English and PERSON8 is also trying to train another PROJECT6 based ASR.
  Both of them will only have transcripts, without time stamps.
 -PERSON6 will reformat the MT wrapper and online text events.
  After that, he will implement the scripts for Flicker and delay evaluations.
 -PERSON8 is training the PROJECT6 co ORGANIZATION4 common voice English ASR.
 -PERSON8 wants to train a language model on the same text as the MT model, but it would be helpful if the language model would be trained on the similar text as well.
  There is a feature from PROJECT6 that can help with segmentation.
  It predicts the silence after each word, and if the duration is longer than some threshold than it's a good indication that there is end of sentence.
  It would be good to integrate the segmentor with the Czech PERSON14's scores are slightly lower than PERSON6's for the IWSLT test set.
  There is one model for all these languages.
  Some of the tools are running, but others are not.
  There are scripts which run the worker on the coster.
  For the PRO PERSON12 wants to integrate PROJECT5 model to mediator so that they can provide all the target languages, all the 42 languages with the subtitles.
  They need to increase the set of cover languages, so that any Monday seminar or a Czech Organization Organization call could have subtitles in Kazakh PERSON11 will create a directory of back translated text or monotext with back translation for PERSON11 and PERSON10.
  The audio was terrible and I ASR'd it.


Minuted by: Team ABC