[PROJECT3] Surge
23/06/2020
13 min

-Purpose of the meeting.
-- To make sure that everybody has contributed to the document (the [PROJECT3] Surge).
-- To inform everybody what to work on over the summer.

-Workflow.
-- There is search for a person, who would supervise the annotators (suggestion -[PERSON9]).
-- There is search for a person, who would implement the user interface (suggestion - [PERSON9]).
-- Someone has to stay on the call in case others come late.
-- The demo tested previously went technically very well, however, the quality has to be improved (not usable for practice).

-Plans.
-- The calls will not happen during summer, they will start again in September.
-- The task for summer is a clean-up.
-- When the calls will be restarted, it is important to find a date suitable for everybody.
-- There will be one more demo session (user and advisory board) in which the technical colleagues will be present.
-- The demo should be kept as it is.

Minutes submitted by:[ANNOTATOR2]