DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON11, PERSON2 and PERSON19 are looking for the segmentor workers.
  There are no segmentors at the moment.
  There is a problem with the infrastructure for segmentor in Organization 3's systems.
  Organization 3 shut down their clusters yesterday because of new logs not working PERSON2, PERSON18 and PERSON19 discusseded the agenda for the meeting.
  The agenda will mimic what they have shown to the project officer and other users, but they will add a block of presentations for interesting workpackages.
  The meeting will last about half an hour.
  The presentation PERSON19 and PERSON29 are planning the workpackage presentations.
  The target group was mainly user-prospective users, whereas the target group now is mainly fellow researchers in the field.
  The presentations will last for 40 minutes, but the time is wrong, so they will end at PERSON18, PERSON19 and PERSON29 agree to present the data workpackage.
 -PERSON19, PERSON29 and PERSON2 worked on an ASR project.
  They will use the research papers from Organization 6 and Organization 9.
 -PERSON2, PERSON19, PERSON3 and PERSON12 have papers on multilingual empty maybekit.
 -PERSON17 worked on a project that improves zero shot translation.
 -PERSON19, PERSON18 and PERSON29 worked on a presentation for a research and innovation project.
  They need to prepare slides for the machine translation and for the document evaluation.
  They will present the minuting data set briefly in the data workpackage and mention again that thi this will be the data set.
  There was a Luxembourg workshop on speech summarisation organised by a smart selector.
  They will try to organise a workshop in 2021 on this with a shared PERSON2, PERSON19 and PERSON29 discussed the presentation platform, dissemination and SSLT shared task in SLT.
  They discussed who will present the dissemination to the PROJECT3 and invite Organization 7 to join the call.
  They decide to leave out the integration of the dissemination The goal of the SLTF is to become the for ehm the spoken language translation.
  The PROJECT2 test set contains references for both ASR and machine translation and SLTF will provide the set of standard matrix ehm over there.
 -PERSON19, PERSON2 and PERSON22 will present 35 minutes of slides.
  They have removed one of the workpackages from the agenda.
  They will run the demo and then they will leave 20 more minutes for any remaining questions or slack time.
  They need to populate the slides PERSON19, PERSON29, PERSON37, PERSON35, PERSON7 from the Czech Republic, and PERSON2 will present the slides at the Project 3 meeting.
 -PERSON19, PERSON33 and PERSON37 will stream videos on Organization9 platform.
  The videos are made offline and have burntin subtitles.
  They and PERSON29 discusseded how to improve the PROJECT2 platform.
  They thinks they should invite people to open the platform, because then they have the sound.
 -PERSON19, PERSON29, PERSON21, PERSON25 and PERSON3 worked on a presentation.
  They have just had the first demo.
  There is no support for colouring in the subtitle presentor, so they will have to leave it for the next week.
  The translation was PERSON19, PERSON6, PERSON23, PERSON36 and PERSON3 will present a workpackage on ASR.
  The presentation should last for one hour.
  The technical people will be present at the meeting.
 -PERSON3, PERSON29 and PERSON19 will meet on Friday at 11 to try all the demos at once.
 -PERSON19, PERSON3, PERSON21, PERSON25 and PERSON37 will do the German demos on Friday the fourteenth at 11 am.
  They, PERSON21, PERSON36 and PERSON37 worked on the slides.
  They will test the slides on Friday.
  On Friday, whoever is available as watchers can come to the call.


Minuted by: Team ABC