DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON11 , PERSON2, PERSON19 looking for segmentor workers.
  There segmentors moment.
  There is problem with infrastructure for segmentor in Organization 3 systems.
  Organization 3 shut clusters yesterday of new logs not working PERSON2 , PERSON18, PERSON19 discussing agenda for meeting.
  agenda will mimic what have shown to project officer, users , will add block of presentations for interesting workpackages.
  meeting will last half hour.
  presentation PERSON19, PERSON29 planning workpackage presentations.
  target group mainly user-prospective users , whereas target group is mainly fellow researchers in field.
  presentations will last for 40 minutes , time is wrong , will end PERSON18 , PERSON19, PERSON29 agree to present data workpackage.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON29, PERSON2 working on ASR project.
  going to use research papers from Organization 6, Organization 9.
 -PERSON2 , PERSON19 , PERSON3, PERSON12 have papers on multilingual empty maybekit.
 -PERSON17 is working on project improves zero shot translation.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON18, PERSON29 working on presentation for research, innovation project.
  need to prepare slides for machine translation, for document evaluation.
 -PERSON19 will present minuting data set briefly in data workpackage, mention thi will data set.
  There Luxembourg workshop on speech summarisation organised by smart selector.
  will try to organise workshop in 2021 on with shared PERSON2 , PERSON19, PERSON29 discuss presentation platform , dissemination, SSLT shared task in SLT.
  discuss will present dissemination to PROJECT3, invite Organization 7 to join call.
  decide to leave integration of dissemination goal of SLTF is to become for ehm spoken language translation.
  PROJECT2 test set contains references for ASR, machine translation, SLTF will provide set of standard matrix ehm over.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON2, PERSON22 going to present 35 minutes of slides.
  have removed one of workpackages from agenda.
  will run demo, will leave 20 minutes for remaining questions slack time.
  need to populate slides PERSON19 , PERSON29 , PERSON37 , PERSON35 , PERSON7 from Czech Republic , PERSON2 going to present slides Project 3 meeting.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON33, PERSON37 going to stream videos on Organization9 platform.
  videos made offline, have burntin subtitles.
 -PERSON19, PERSON29 discussing to improve PROJECT2 platform.
 -Person19 thinks invite people to open platform , have sound.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON29 , PERSON21 , PERSON25, PERSON3 working on presentation.
  have first demo.
  There is support for colouring in subtitle presentor , will have to leave it for next week.
  translation PERSON19 , PERSON6 , PERSON23 , PERSON36, PERSON3 going to present workpackage on ASR.
  presentation last for one hour.
  technical people will present meeting.
 -PERSON3 , PERSON29, PERSON19 will meet on Friday 11 to try demos.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON3 , PERSON21 , PERSON25, PERSON37 going to do German demos on Friday fourteenth 11.
 -PERSON19 , PERSON21 , PERSON36, PERSON37 working on slides.
  going to test slides on Friday.
  Friday , whoever is available as watchers can come to call.


Minuted by: Team ABC