DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON11, PERSON2 and PERSON3 are looking for the segmentor workers.
  There are too many matches in the logs.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON18 are having problems with the segmentor worker.
  They are waiting for PERSON36 to log on and discussed the agenda.
 -PERSON19 and PERSON2 are planning the agenda for the review meeting.
  The agenda will mimic what they have shown to the project officer and other users, but they will add a block of presentations for all the interesting workpackages.
  The review meeting will be 2 hours long.
  The PERSON2 is taking notes between videos.
  The target group was mainly user-prospective users and fellow researchers in the field.
  The workpackage presentations are 5 minutes each, 40 minutes in total, but can extend to 50 minutes if the announcers are allowed to ask questions during the PERSON29, PERSON19 and others will meet for a work package presentation in 40 minutes.
  The presentation will last for 20 minutes, with 5 minutes for presentation and 2 minutes for questions per question.
  If they are late, they will postpone the questions until the end.
 -PERSON29 will present a crooling data in U24E languages.
 -PERSON19, PERSON29 and PERSON36 will skip the demo session and hope Organization3 will provide some presentation on ASR.
  Organizing6 will probably mention their ASR experiments.
 -PERSON2 will talk about the SLT paper and future plans for the organisation.
  They, PERSON36, PERSON17, PERSON3 and PERSON12 will present a paper on multilingual empty workpackage.
  They need to make sure it's reported.
 -PERSON18 and PERSON19 worked on a project without paper.
  The project is related to a research and innovation project.
  The main result is that they improve zero shot translation.
  There is a lot of monolingual data on one side of the project.
  On the other side there PERSON19 and PERSON18 will prepare a single slide covering the paper.
 -PERSON19 and PERSON5 had an internal miniworkshop on speech summarisation yesterday.
  There was a Luxembourg workshop organised by smart selector.
  They worked on a shared task in automatic summarisation of minutes.
  They will try to have a workshop in 2021 on this with this share task.
 -PERSON2 confirms that it will be PERSON22 who will present the dissemination to the PROJECT3.
 -PERSON19 and PERSON29 suggest to leave out the dissemination and mention the SSLT shared task in SLT.
  They want to define the standard for life SLT evaluation.
  They will ask PERSON27 to provide one slide with key problems of SLTF.
  The goal of the SLTF is to become the spoken language translation.
  There will be 7 workpackages, 3 demo sessions and 35 minutes of presentations.
 -PERSON22 will present the slides by speech.
 -PERSON19 is putting placeholders into the overleaf and editing them to match with the slides.
  They, PERSON29, PERSON37, PERSON35 and PERSON7 from the Czech Republic will take part in the PROJECT3 meeting.
 -PERSON37 and PERSON37 were on the test yesterday and also on Monday.
  They will share his screen and create a new window to show slides.
 -PERSON19, PERSON33 and PERSON37 are watching three videos, German short speech with burntin subtitles, three minutes of a German lecture and Czech speech on ORGANIZATION2.
  They and PERSON29 are talking about the PROJECT2 platform.
  They thinks they should invite people to open the platform and have the sound.
 -PERSON29 needs a visual cue to follow the red line on the screen.
  There is no support for colouring in the subtitle presentor, so they will have to leave this f for the next week.
 -PERSON19, PERSON21, PERSON22, PERSON25, PERSON29 and PERSON3 worked on an integration workpackage.
  They have just had the first demo, they have discussededed the layout of the view.
  The translation was readable and it was mostly correct, except for the PERSON19, PERSON6 and PERSON23 will present a workpackage on ASR to the technical people who will be present at the meeting.
  They want to make sure they do the slides early next week.
 -PERSON3 needs someone to take care of the ASR.
 -PERSON2 wants to give the segmentor workers on her machine one more chance.
 -PERSON19 and PERSON36 worked on their projects during the Zoom call.
  They will get the German and English segmentors for the demos.
  They will try them out on Friday at 11.
 -PERSON3 is ready for the German segmentor on Friday the fourteenth at 11 am.
 -PERSON25 will be doing both presenting and helping with platform in the PROJECT3 sessions next week.
 -PERSON37 is showing the first German short speech with burntin subtitles.
  There is a problem with the German segmentor.
 -PERSON19, PERSON21, PERSON36 and PERSON37 worked on the slides.
  On Friday they will test also the German.
  If anyone has any questions, they can email PERSON19.


Minuted by: Team ABC