Attendees: [PERSON1], [PERSON2], [PERSON3], [PERSONm]

Summary:
Unfortunately , there is no overlap between [ORGANIZATION1] and [ORGANIZATION3] in this week , [PERSONm] shall [try to do] the poll for the next week as well and hopefully , we will find something there . Or [PERSON2] should allocate those in the Overleaf and [PERSONm] will somehow make it clear in the tables , that the person months that are by [ORGANIZATION7] will not be paid for from the budget , but [PERSON2] will be assumed to have [PERSON2]'s  own funding for those person months . [PERSONm] do not know , how this is going to be checked by the commission afterwards , but just promise some sensible number of person months , that [PERSON2] could indeed claim , that [PERSON2] have worked on project , and definitely , it should tasks [PERSON2] want to do within the scope , of the project , just like [broadcasters] further within [ORGANIZATION7] . Just a question , because maybe it was not clear to [PERSON2] . And [PERSONm] think , that the [ORGANIZATION1] should be in , like present at the at the conference at the [ORGANIZATION5] congress for dissemination purposes , because there will be also the meetings done remotely among the [ORGANIZATION7] delivery SAI institute . this was this was this was also for [PERSON3] , just to make to make that , to , known in within [ORGANIZATION7] that . that's , for [PERSON3] , it is a part of the congress . , [ORGANIZATION7] should make sure that there is that there is enough events happening and that we know about them , and that we like , connect to them . 

[PERSON2] think but at least one event per project [a] year should be very important . , it is , [PERSON3] believe it s not decided yet . And from yo [PERSONm]'s  speech , [PERSON3] get the idea , that [PERSONm] are interested mainly in the workshoptype thing . it makes sense , but [PERSON3] need to ask . 

[PERSON3] have no idea what [forum] the other events will be in . 

[PERSON2] would not create [PERSON2] would not like not to create separate task , but to have a one single task [ORGANIZATION7] events . let us make this one task for [ORGANIZATION7] events , and then , in the task description , we will say , that we plan to have the dry run and then the main and then the two follow ups . Whereas the integration for the events does not need [ORGANIZATION1] . [PERSONm] understand that the [ORGANIZATION3] would like [OTHER4] . just let [PERSON2] add one thing to this . That's , that is very good and [PERSONm] think , that the that needs to be like advertised for in the project proposal as well , and that extends [PERSON2]'s  role from being just the integrator to also working directly on the ASR work package , right ? one purpose is to adapt to the speaker and second purpose is to have this person as the respeaker at one of the live events . as [PERSON3] see on online 17 and below , there is what [PERSONm] entered for our [ORGANIZATION7]'s but this is a very raw guess , and [PERSONm] do not know , [PERSON1] is here , but maybe [ORGANIZATION3] also knows . [PERSONm] know it is [PERSONm] know it is [PERSONm] know it is a lot of work , [PERSONm] do not know how much should we say that we need per speaker . But we really [ask] , let [PERSONm] say a maximum of a one hour . Because [PERSON2] was being about the numbers . let us that is a very good idea [PERSONm] will make sure that we have this , it actually fits nicely in the in the hours here in this table , we could have one more purpose and that would be , recording or adapting at respoken events , that could be part of this these conferences already . for [OTHER4] and for the other languages: , can [PERSON2] populate this table as [PERSONm] said this is for us , the idea is , that we will like this table , the upper parts in on this sheet do the add upsthis , the blue one adds the hours by the different languages that we want to record , and the red subtable summarises these personmonths by a partner . all that , this should be filled by all the teams , that want to get , like direct access to data for speaker adaptation , and [PERSONm] would leave this to up to the [ORGANIZATION4] to decide , how much time do they want to invest into speaker adaptation for [OTHER3] . then , these person month here do not make it directly to the to the spreadsheet here , to the efforts . 

[PERSON2] are just fine with the audio equipment that was there . let [PERSON2] say , that [PERSON2] have started checking the availability of specific hardware , , especially for the respeakers . it's , [PERSON2] will add some hardware costs for the equipment , because we will have also to set up the local infrastructure for publishing . 

[PERSON2] will make a rough estimation as soon as possible , obviously . if [PERSON2] can make a separate line for one [ORGANIZATION4] , of for recording and [PERSONm] shall copy that for ourselves then . 

[PERSON2] will let [PERSON2] say , put the note , that this is the one unity cost of the equipment . Thanks , already , [PERSON2] created the tasks in the integration work package , but primal titles only , and it was not clear to [PERSONm] what is the integration with publishing platform , the publishing platform is for the minutes , that is like the , , or that is task 6.4 . Task 6.4 was the one what was notclear to [PERSON2] and we already thought about that before and . , [PERSON1] , make sure that [PERSON2] are there as well . [PERSONm] think that will probably promise reports only . [PERSONm] do not know , maybe [PERSON1] could comment on there design of deliverables , because that is what in the spoken language translation , and maybe we could mimic this layout in in the integration work package 2 . , [PERSON1] is not a hundred percent sure whether all the prototypes should be deliverables , we just promised to deliver systems that be ready for starting the integration thing , that was mentioned some months , six was mentioned somewhere , , but maybe that should not be a deliverable [for] the prototypes , [PERSON1] do not know all and other work . milestones are , [PERSONm] have heard that milestones are something , that [PERSONm] just tick off in the system where is for each deliverable , even if it is software , there has to be like a cover letter , cover report , is that true ? let us , [PERSONm] suggest , that to do the same thing . will just either [PERSON2] or myself will just review that . [PERSONm] would just make something up , but if [PERSON1] do it . 

[ORGANIZATION2] doc is fine for [PERSON2] . no more questions from [PERSON2]'s  side .