Attendees: [PERSON4], [PERSON5], [PERSON8]

Summary:
[PERSON5] is just aligning that link of the web interface , which is already there one in the . 

[PERSON8] actually wanted to talk to [PERSON2] today and he planned to join us . 

[PERSON4] did with [PERSON5] [PERSON8] for [PERSON4] have to collect the minutes . 

[PERSON4] just connected with him and maybe will be skipping meeting later this week . Can [PERSON8] look at the minute in the website ? Ye , if [PERSON8] follow the link [PERSON8] may open this search for minutes , here's minutes , and here's a search . And the name could be from if [PERSON4] go to the data , europarl data . 

[PERSON8] did not find it [PERSON8] do not know why . 

[PERSON4] think this corresponds with manually verified this corresponds cause this one is . 

[PERSON8] , [PERSON5] have linked the reference in the agenda . After the in the after the references [PERSON8] can find that . now [PERSON8] speaking about which figure . As [PERSON8] can see from the description of the figure . 

[PERSON8] propose to make something like that ? Maybe [PERSON8] can see the previous page as well . 

[PERSON5] just wanted to show [PERSON8] how what kind of . 

[PERSON5] asked  What kind of manually valuation people are performing for the summarisation systems . and [PERSON8] replied  they are giving some set of cautions to the annotators . 

[PERSON5] will form this airdraft and send [PERSON5] and finalize . what [PERSON5] have already done is very beautiful . 

[PERSON5] have some papers , [PERSON5] have confirmed factbased . If [PERSON8] just have web base interface for manually evaluation . 

[PERSON4] just want to understand that supposed we have the interface . that is what [PERSON5] is asking that what do we want for shared task . 

[PERSON5] do not think that would be a good thing but . 

[PERSON4] is absolutely ok with the interface . 

[PERSON5] was reading the paper how to actually add interface some constant values . And there is something [PERSON5] is reffering to it . and [PERSON8] replied  [PERSON8] would like to add that it would be that it is very hard work to make these evoluations . And it has a sense to speak about it after we see [PERSON8]'s  criterias . , [PERSON5] do not have any progress with the new thing . 

[PERSON5] implemented the all the beginning of the paper . It took [PERSON5] really long time to fix that . 

[PERSON5] maybe link the papers which [PERSON5] implemented . That is one thing which [PERSON5] is insure towards small portion . this is only a new thing which [PERSON5] is doing . 

[PERSON5] is doing it with our data and not the AMI and the ICSA corpora . on our paper do [PERSON4] have any figures that how the matrix work . 

[PERSON5] think [PERSON4] also might have done the papers [PERSON5] think . And when [PERSON5] need to share the evaluation criteria and we would all would annotate . , [PERSON4] think if we can have the europarl data with the transcript and the minutes align . 

[PERSON8] dont know if it makes sense but probably technically it will . Ye it seems bigger but [PERSON8] meant just finding minutes for each transcript . somehow [PERSON8] did not push us away todaythey granted us woth extra time . The implementation [PERSON5] have done on . 

[PERSON5] will [PERSON5] will link them in five minutes [PERSON5] think just opening .