Participants meeting can hear (PERSON9).
(PERSON9) is curious, if [PERSON4] is here, the participants of meeting don't have [Person4].
[PERSON2] is running the [PROJECT3] on floating point FP 16.
[PERSON9] is a little worried about the multi source status for the deliverable.
(PERSON9) explain that participants of the meeting don't have much progress with multi-source because the participants of meeting first need the data.
Participants of the meeting could have done multi-source research also in text domain.
[PERSON9], (PERSON9)'re saying that text multi-source is not a challenge.
[PERSON3], (PERSON1) think the participants the meeting need to have a separate call with (PASTER9) and [PASTER2].
[PERSON2] said, "It's okay, right?"
Ah, and, ah the one of biggest thing is that [PERSON10] is leaving which is listed at the end of, at the beginning the, of notes for today's call...
[PERSON10] or some sometimes early next week.
[PERSON11] was confused.
[PERSON10] said that he could be late for the call and that's probably happening.
[PERSON9] think (PERSON9) never finished an email to (Person1), because (PASTER1) have reminded [PASTER4] that (PONT1) r profanity, profanity filtering is not yet integrated.
The filtering, has it been tested on locks?
Ah, ah ah,,, using MPlayer or whatever simply play them, follow the sound output on (PERSON1) r machine and see how that works.
[PERSON11] that the participants of meeting have that and if he couldn't the local copy on his laptop because.
He also has a chance to use X2Go.
The participants of the meeting have seen during the last sessions that the new ASR end to end ASR, E2E ASR, also suffers from the spasm issues.
[PERSON2] saw that (PERSON1) think for, a second ah, ah the incoming, an ah sentences were like flooded with lots oh, oh, Oh, oh oh oh.
[PERSON1] don't think the participants of the meeting need to fold spasm proprietors removal, because if participants the meeting remove one from the ASR itself.
[PERSON17] have the call with, ah, (PERSON1) later today.
Then another thing that [PERSON10] is passing over to others is [PROJECT2] check ASR.
[PERSON4] this is another thing that (PERSON9) need to discuss with [POSTER10].
(PERSON9) have a call with [PERSON11].
[PERSON10] has already started ah preparing for the upcoming Monday seminar that's going to be given by,,, Italian guy, a famous one, the author of [PROJECT4] actually.
Ah, (PERSON1) like to see how it plays out.
[PERSON6] is now mentioning in recording segmentation in his report here.
[PERSON6] is going to create new sentences by concatenating words that were spoken in other sentences.
[PERSON9] would like to ask everybody to record the experience from the [ORGANIZATION7], and as the one sessions.
[PERSON4]: [P]ERSON5] and [Person17] should be in touch to propose some solution.
That he got rolled in the pipe and (PERSON1) kind of had ah talk, ah, call with him right at the moment when (PASTER1) was free.
He didn't know enough about architectures.
[PERSON17] was trying to get it running but he didn't know where to look and what to check.
(PERSON9) was spending him through pipelines that escaped like what does each block, what exactly does and how to debugg?
[PERSON14]'s ah army worker.
[PERSON14]'s worker participants need to have a separate descript.
[PERSON17] is working on like ah, how to make the configuration cleaner.
[PERSON17], [PION5] and [1PERSON4] to have a call and provide the first specification of requirements for a pipeline set ups.
[PERSON8], ah, (PERSON1) also like to request (Person2).
(PERSON2) can maybe make it for the participants of meeting maybe?
(PERSON9) mean it's up to us, of the participants meeting can control how many languages the participants the meeting want to see the subtitling platform.
[PERSON9] don't think it is any saving?
Well the participants the of meeting did it actually,, when the participants of meeting were testing it.