[PROJECT6] Remote Meetings
This document serves as minutes for our conference calls on [PROJECT6] continuous progress.

Agenda for call in April 16th, at 3 PM CEST
● Start recording

● Doodle for call date: [URL2] 
○ Preferred (due to Linux users) Pexip: [URL3]
■ PIN: [PASSWORD]
■ [ORGANIZATION3] seeing slides, but no audio (useless, I hope recording works so I can isten later)
○ GoToMeeting: [URL5]
■ runnin

● Deliverables submitted
○ 4 in total: Ethics 1, Public website, Internal website, Ethics 2
● Publicity achieved
○ Everyone please enter such activities into the [ORGANIZATION5] sheet:
■ “Dissemination & Communication Activities” (the forth sheet)
■ [URL4]
○ Fair
■ Attended
■ The little news/blog
■ Video in preparation
○ SCIC conference Brussels
■ [URL]
■ [PERSON14] briefly presenting [PROJECT6], see day 2 at approx minute 20
■ Supposedly, it was tweeted on this event: #SCIC23 (a missed opportunity to retweet, @[ORGANIZATION9]: Should we still do it now?)
○ [ORGANIZATION4] workshop on multilingual neural MT in Luxembourg (CLEF-SMRTA, organized by Holger Schwenk; June 20): [PERSON4] and [PERSON10] are going; [PERSON7] (as a substitute for [PERSON14]) is going
● Papers submitted
○ [ORGANIZATION10]: 2x [PROJECT3] (minuting micro-review, Antrecorp - test speech corpus from fair)
○ Something by [ORGANIZATION2]?
● Milestones
○ Delayed milestone on recording in [ORGANIZATION9] platform
■ What is the status now? Done?
● Done, preview available ([URL] -> Speech recognition will be output to the chat inside [ORGANIZATION9] app). Currently only 2 speakers supported (because only 2 ASR workers are available)
○ [ORGANIZATION2]: More workers can be made available on demand
● Not reliable at the moment, because workers are not reliably picking up the audio streams.
○ Reasons unclear, [ORGANIZATION9] person now on vacation.
● [ORGANIZATION1] needs to look into this
○ seems like the worker is not processing the traffic it is receiving
● Upcoming deliverables and milestones
○ How to send them to us guide - “Deliverables Timeline” (second sheet):
■ [URL1]
○ Deliverables - [ORGANIZATION4] deadline 30th June 2019: 
■ D1.1 Initial Training Data, Separating Confidential and Public Version ([ORGANIZATION8])
● This one or the DMP below should mention WMT [PROJECT6] testsuites and Antrecorp.
■ D8.1 Periodic Activity and Financial Reports ([ORGANIZATION10] but input from all is needed)
● See also Administrative topics at the end of this document.
■ D8.3 Data Management Plan (DMP): Initial, Updates ([ORGANIZATION10] but input from most needed)
■ D9.3 GEN - Requirement No. 4 ([ORGANIZATION10])
● A separate deliverable should be created to deal -- in a single document -- with all ethics issues identified before and during the project. This document should be delivered in M6. It should also be updated before the end of the project -- to provide guidelines for future users of action results.
■ → Please fill in the last column who wants to review which deliverable (same [ORGANIZATION5] sheet as above, first sheet “Deliverables”)
● → also, one column before, fill in the WP leader
○ Milestones - [ORGANIZATION4] deadline 30th June 2019: 
■ First Spoken Language Translation Prototype ([ORGANIZATION8])
● [PERSON14] can ask today at our Faculty of arts if any simultaneous interpreting data could be obtained (without transcripts), another such option is SCIC conference recordings
○ Key question: do we want interpreted data (as the test set) or not? Dubbed movies could be better in some aspects.
■ Baseline MT Models for [ORGANIZATION7] Congress ([ORGANIZATION10])
● This will require the data that [ORGANIZATION8] has collected for D1.1 Initial Training Data
● [ORGANIZATION10] started initial multi-target trainings, [PERSON15] will work on the many systems now after WMT

● General:
○ We can now create private repos even within the [PROJECT6] organization on Github
■ Let [PERSON14] know if you want one.
● Preparations for [PROJECT4]
○ Status update
○ TODO of larger things (that need to be worked on now)
■ Testing mediator - up and running
■ 
■ Automated daily testing of everything
● [ORGANIZATION10] will put this together, but everyone implementing any worker needs to provide a sample test case to the testing repo 
■ Presentation platform by [ORGANIZATION1] (incl. slides streaming)
● [PERSON14] waiting for [ORGANIZATION1]'s specification to review
● [PERSON14] will try to implement slides grabbing and streaming
● [ORGANIZATION1]'s presentation platform needs to allow:
○ selection of subtitles
○ ?live monitoring/indication which subtitles are actually available? (users do not want to walk over 3 languages from 43; or perhaps pre-selection?)
○ smooth integration of selected subtitles stream and streamed slides

● Progress in WPs (~5 min per WP) → I've just guessed who could talk, if somebody else would be better - please, change it :) & please fill in few points about your progress
○ WP1 - [ORGANIZATION8] ([PERSON10])
■ T1.1 Curation of Speech Training Data
●  50 hours of prepared Czech broadcast data so far (out of 525 total)
●  Trained preliminary [PROJECT2] system and working on connecting to [ORGANIZATION1]
■ T1.2 Data for Speaker and Accent Adaptation
● Test corpus derived from student trade fair recordings + transcripts
● Paper under submission
■ T1.3 Data Collection for MT and SLT
●   [ORGANIZATION3] domain test suite for WMT19
●   Monolingual corpus of crawled [ORGANIZATION7] data
●   OPUS data for MT
■ T1.4: Collecting Data for Minuting
●   22 hours of audio from [PROJECT6] meetings, with minutes
●   Review paper under submission
○ WP2 - [ORGANIZATION2] [PERSON17]
■ Investigating the construction of multi-domain ASRs and evaluating the domain robustness of the multi-domain ASRs
● Very interesting! [PERSON14] asks: any paper or report coming out of this?
○ WP3 - [ORGANIZATION8] ([PERSON4])
■ T 3.1 Transcript Normalization
● Baseline SLT pipeline with transcript normalization (segmentation) is set up ([ORGANIZATION2]) <unintelligible/>
■ T 3.2 Robust NMT with noisy input
● [ORGANIZATION8] has paper submission on domain robustness of MT; techniques may be applicable to noisy inputs due to ASR; to be tested.
● [ORGANIZATION10] put together pipeline for fair. Noted that integration is critical (all systems will fail), and that sub-segment translation is necessary for user experience.
■ T 3.3 End-to-end speech-to-text Translation
● TACL paper on arXiv today ([ORGANIZATION2])
● [ORGANIZATION8] will have new student working on this in May
○ WP4 - [ORGANIZATION10] ([PERSON14])
■ For year 1, 3 tasks are scheduled:
● T4.1 Baselines  (M1-6; think 6->24 or 43 systems)
● T4.2 Doc-level MT (M1-36)
○ [ORGANIZATION10]'s doc level submission by [PERSON15] (and also by [PERSON16])
● T4.3 Multi-target MT (M1-12; models for producing many langs. in parallel)
■ [ORGANIZATION2] [PERSON21]
● Working translation system from en, de to en, de, fr, it, es, pt (not multi-input or multi-output)
● Multilingual system (using one single model to translate the inputs in different languages into outputs in different languages but not simultaneously - the language of an input and the desired output language must be specified in advance)
● Working on multi-input system for dialects
■ [ORGANIZATION8] (from [PERSON10]'s email)
● English->Arabic, English->Czech, English->German, and English->Russian bilingual and multi-target MT
■ [ORGANIZATION10]
● en->cs [PERSON13] WMT submission + document level (max context of 3 sentences, consider the middle one) 
● A student working on multi-target MT
○ WP5 - [ORGANIZATION10] [PERSON2] 
■ Creating the Meeting Corpus
● 22 hours of meetings with minutes (rather agendas), we need a script to run ASR
○ Both plain words and punctuation with timestamps, final hypotheses
○ from [PERSON10]?
● Annotation of Meeting&Minutes (to decide: if any? manual? on automatic ASR?, NITE XML Toolkit?)
■ Survey of meetings, minutes and methods for meeting summarization (submitted to [PROJECT3]-2019)
○ WP6 - [ORGANIZATION1] [PERSON6]
■ [PERSON14]: repo for daily tests created, so far empty
● [URL]
■ [ORGANIZATION1] Platform up and running on [URL], several workers of [ORGANIZATION10] and [ORGANIZATION2] connected
● [PERSON14] asks: everyone who provided a worker/client etc., please commit first bash scripts to test it, all addresses etc. hardcoded
■ Working on Presentation Platform. We will provide technical documentation when ready.
● [PERSON14] asks: could we again set up a (private) repo for this? Others may benefit from seeing how to interact with mediator for this
○ WP7 - [ORGANIZATION9] ([PERSON5], [PERSON9])
■ Working Prototype in [PROJECT6] [ORGANIZATION9] room
■ Needs still improvement  -> More talks in [PROJECT6] Room to train the system
● [PERSON14] asks: the above is unclear, no training is expected in WP7, is it?
■ [ORGANIZATION9] sends audiostream to [ORGANIZATION1], they do record the sessions
● Question to [ORGANIZATION1]: Is this working now?
■ Please: We need the data protection from all our team members!!!
■ Usage of [PROJECT6] room should increase :-)


● Administrative topics
○ Timesheets
○ Spending
○ Date of pre-review[1][2][3] (review will be remote - we will send the documents to [PERSON12], but we should have an internal pre-review)
zeptáno
Podle [PROJECT5] je to asi jen odeslani deliverablu Alexandrovi. Napsat zde anglicky stav.
pochopila jsem to takhle dobře?
