[PROJECT3] meeting 14.06.2019
Attendees: [PERSON17], [PERSON13], [PERSON5], [PERSON12], [PERSON7]
Purpose of meeting: Discussion about project milestone and done things

Summary
• many things terribly failing and components missing
• discussing about metaform
• multilingual system made with all Euro side languages
• all people working on Czech ASR all the time (still no success)
• plan to complete contents (mid June)
• [PROJECT1] does not have anything in month 6
• update dissemination continuously
		Milestones
		• date of the pre-review meeting (full review after month 18)
		• milestone (initial ASR systems)



Minutes submitted by: [PERSON16]
