DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON23, PERSON16, PERSON11, PERSON21, PERSON12, PERSON10, PERSON9, PERSON15, PERSON5, PERSON20, PERSON2, PERSON19, PERSON6, PERSON3


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON3, PERSON2 and PERSON1 are taking part in a meeting today.
  The meeting is being recorded and there is a small agenda for the call today.
  There is no overlap between Organization 6 and Organization 2 this week, so PERSON3 will try to do the poll PERSON3 wants to make sure that in the project, there is no promise on speech to speech translation and that the platform produces subtitles and sends them to ORGANIZATION6.
 -PERSON1 thinks that text to speech doesn't provide any information more than that.
 -PERSON3 thinks that it makes the information harder to digest.
  Organization 4 should make sure that participants have some devices that can display the subtitles in some form.
  Organization 9 should send subtitles to different users at PERSON3 and PERSON2 worked on a project involving live meetings, a conference at the ORGANIZATION9 congress, and a workshop for the live events.
  They want Organization 6 to be present at the conference.
  Organization 4 should contribute to the integration task.
  There will be the main ORGANIZATION9 congress in the middle of the project.
  There will be some dry runs workshops and other events.
  There should be at least one dryrun workshop per project a year.
 -PERSON3 wants to organize one dry run, one main congress and then two follow up workshops.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON3 have a vague idea that something will be happening the year after the congress, but they have no idea what forum the other events will be in.
 -PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON2 want to create a task for Organizing4 events.
  The task should be planned for the all the three years starting at month 7 and running until the end of the year.
  The work package 7 dissemination helps to promote the project and its results PERSON1 and PERSON3 worked on a project.
  Organization 2 is active in the ASR field and provide ASR for not only for OTHER2 language but also for thirty language, currently.
  Organization 3 worked on an ASR work package.
  Organization 5 is a little slower PERSON3 proposes to include OTHER2 as an official language in the project proposal.
  Other2 has the best ASR system in the world, so it would be a pity not to use it.
  The project organiser suggests to ask around and mention that there is a partner with the PERSON3 is trying to work out how many hours per speaker should be spent on adaptation.
  The main conference is four days long, so the organization needs to estimate the full duration of the event.
 -PERSON3 will edit a formula that estimates the number of hours that need to be covered.
  The adaptation starts from an already existing acoustic model for the language.
  For the recording, you need just the person and a proper device to record the voice and for the actual model adaptation, you PERSON3 is in touch with the OTHER1 radio and they should provide a considerable number of hours of recordings for the baseline acoustic model for OTHER1.
 -PERSON1 suggests collecting real listening sessions in order to model not only the voice, but also the way it is.
 -PERSON3 will create a spreadsheet with the needs for OTHER3, French and other languages.
  Organisations that want to get direct access to data for speaker adaptation should create a line here.
 -PERSON1 has started checking the availability of specific hardware, especially for the respeakers.
 -PERSON3 wants to make a separate line for one of the ORGANIZATION5 for recording and PERSON3 will copy that for himself and others.
  They have 14 days to finish the proposal PERSON3 is confused about the tasks in the integration work package.
  1 are the integration of ASR essential from multiple partners into the ORGANIZATION2's platform.
  The other tasks are the development of the plot of the publishing platform and PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON2 will attend the ORGANIZATION9 congress.
  They want to know the design of the deliverables.
 -PERSON4 did a few prototypes for the project, but she's not sure whether all the prototypes should be deliverables or just PERSON3 would like the deliverables related to her work package to be in line with the timing of the work packages.
  She would also like to see the progress visible in the tasks.
  She prefers to write it in a Word document.
 -PERSON3 will merge the ORGANIZATION7 doc into the Overleaf.


Minuted by: Team ABC