
Date: 2019/04/01
Attendees: [PERSON11], [PERSON4], [PERSON12], [PERSON6], [PERSON2], [PERSON1], [PERSON13]
Purpose of meeting: Technical prepare for [ORGANIZATION8] congress

Agenda:
- Start recording.
- Date for [PROJECT1] call.
- Collecting photos and videos from Trade Fair.
- Confirmation of proposed scheme of wiring for [ORGANIZATION8] Congress.
- Digital interface to audio mix pult.
- Microphones.
- Get a contact for someone from [ORGANIZATION4], who will handle the presentation platform.
- Will [ORGANIZATION4] also try get their ASR.
- When will the python version of [ORGANIZATION4] platform sample connector.


Summary of meeting:

[PERSON12], [PERSON6]:
- After reminder missing vote for [PROJECT1] call date was chosen the April 16th.

[PERSON12], [PERSON6]:
- Ask for photos from the trade fair. Will be sent to e-mail immediately.

[PERSON12], [PERSON6], [PERSON2]:
- It is needed to specify the settings for workshop in June and [ORGANIZATION8] congress.
The hardware will provide outside company.
It is supposed to translating and transcribing the main session.
There will be rented tablets and is supposed that everyone will have their cell phones.
It is needed to connect the microphones to the mean audio mixer and then to have digital output to the booth for listening and ASR.
Any of the separate notebooks after the ASR can provide input to the multilingual translation system.
Proposal that every input language has uhm have to have its own ehm session with the mediator, this will be implemented by [PERSON4].
It is needed original sound from the microphones as possible from booth main microphone of the plenary session, ideally the digital signal captured at microphone.
Languages: English, German, Czech, French, Italian, Spanish, Russian.
There is experience only with Dante, but it is very expensive and doesn't simplify setting.
It is needed one PC for each language, one PC per input channel.
It is recomended to keep audio data and network traffic separated.
Will be demand one direct microphone output from the main microphone.
And one direct microphone output from each of the booths and for these booth microphones we demand that only the predefined languages is spoken at that channel.
Proposal to say get booth analog output as a call back and digital interface scholar choice.
[ORGANIZATION4] will let know what digital audio should be specify in the documentation until Tuesday.

[PERSON12], [PERSON2], [PERSON6]:
- It is needed to demand also Microphones.
Ask for definition all the individual microphones that the speakers will use.
After discussion they agreed that there will be preferred wired microphone for main stage.
Until Tuesday [PERSON6] will provide specification for main stage wired microphones and interpreters booths large microphones and also for wireless.

[PERSON12], [PERSON6], [PERSON2]:
- Presentation platform will have to be different for the workshop in June and for the [ORGANIZATION8] congress, because the setting is different.
Explain idea.
[PERSON4] will be coding this thing.

[PERSON12], [PERSON6]:
- [ORGANIZATION4] won't try their own ASR.

[PERSON12], [PERSON6]:
- Ask when the python connector to the [ORGANIZATION4] platform would be ready. 
People using python at the [ORGANIZATION2] will help with this point.
It will be published at public website.




Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]

		




