(PERSON12) Yeah so, ehm, okay.
So, I hope that's the session is already being recorded.
If not then please start recording.
Yes, yes. 
Okay, so.
Session is being recorded.
Thank you.
Uhm, yes. 
So there is one thing to start with.
Uhm.
And that's the availability of [ORGANIZATION4] for the upcoming [PROJECT1] call that's not related for what what the technical things that we want to discuss today at all.
Uhm.
But I would like to remind [PERSON6] of this Doodle.
So, [PERSON6] if you could fill uhm this Doodle poll, it's only selecting the day for now. 
Uh, but we need to announce the day two weeks had uhm so that we are uhm  we are according to the constitution agreement.
So that's why we need to choose the day now.
(PERSON6) Yeah, you really uhm field my data.
Uhm.
I will also can ask [PERSON4] to fill the to fill uhm the avalabiality the Doodle. 
And my only concern is but I will not be in the office from 23rd to 2nd of May.
To April 23rd to May the second.
So I only have the next week, not next week uhm the the following one.
(PERSON12) The weeks.
And the the first of the two is, so fifteen -.
(PERSON6) Fifteen, seventeen.
(PERSON12) Fifteen and seventeen. 
Uhm.
Yes, so hopefully we will be able to to find the date uhm.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we will we will.
(PERSON1) Currently it seems that uh, probably one of the best fitting would be April the sixteen.
(PERSON12) Yes, so hopefully uhm yeah.
If will work out that way, hopefully.
Actually write it down in my callendar right away.
Sixteen, that's Tuesday.
So that should be uhm -
No April, May.
Okay.
Yeah.
Uhm.
Call.
I'm already taking a note uhm in to my callendars.
So hopefully this will work out.
Thank you.
Uhm, uhm.
<other_yawn/>
So.
Another thing is uhm that if you have any photos from the trade fair.
That will be great.
I sent you an email uhm. 
Some days ago.
Uhm and sh-
in that email I'll send you -.
Sorry.
I just want to disable some stupid thing, how do I disable this?
Uh-huh, hard crowed disk indeed never when I click uhm -.
Where is remove?
(PERSON6) Remove from Chrome?
(PERSON12) Remove from Chrome. 
Yes.
Remove.
Okay.
<another_language> Kdo to udělal?</another_language>
Okay.
Yes.
Sorry.
I'm.
Uhm. 
Yeah.
I I lost the document for second, 
because it was uhm like uhm all the time showing some crazy overlay tool dates, 
that quality.
Uhm, ehm, yeah, so uh, yeah. 
(PERSON6) We checked if you have in eh available for sharing the little <unintelligible/> I have very <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) Yes.
So we have uhm even very few could be useful as you know, 
we have already post, 
as you may know we have already post the news item on the [PROJECT1] website on this.
And we are also putting together uhm a little video uhm on that session.
And we have your recordings and colleague of mine is looking at those, 
and I've like put them in some order into a little screenplay for this.
So you are in, unless the technical quality proves to be too bad.
But but it seems that uhm it it should work out, 
at least from what I have seen.
Uh.
So when we have the video.
We will show you,
uhm will let you know, 
and also any pictures that you have maybe better than those that we have already, because like none of us was obviously concentrated on taking pictures so that's fine.
<laugh/>  
(PERSON6) I'm just checking, I don't think I have any really useful uhm picture.
I only have a couple of big of pictures of the empty booth, so.
(PERSON12) That's could be useful as well and empty b-, 
because we we actually.
I don't think we have a good picture of the booth.
We have one in the video,
<laugh/> 
so that,
it even depending on what what exactly is in the booth.
I think that that could be useful.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
We'll send it to you right now.
(PERSON12) Okay, yeah.
Thank you.
Uhm, so.
Now the next thing on the uhm agenda uhm is this uhm wiring detailed plan.
And I'm not sure if you are uhm seeing this at the moment.
So I might be sharing.
It is too small.
But do you see any any drawing?
(PERSON6) Yes, but I had opened the linker and uhm I took at <other_yawn/>
(PERSON12) Okay, 
you can look at the drawing directly.
So maybe the problem is also the fact that uhm I'm sharing only one crontab, 
and not sh- uhm 
and not the whole window or something like that.
So uh, can you please confirm than the drawing is uhm is more less correct.
So we need to have specific.
But when you have very detailed description for both the workshop, 
which happens in June. 
And also for the [ORGANIZATION8] Congress.
And this drawing is for the [ORGANIZATION8] Congress.
Which is in a year from now. 
But still it needs to be uhm put into the tender for like call for tenders. 
And it will take months or half years to to have this call for tenders like uhm properly run and and decided. 
So that's why we need to describe the setting already now.
Uhm, so this is for the uh, for the [ORGANIZATION8] Congress, 
where we are supposed to be a translating and transcribing the main session uhm.
And also some workshops, 
and for the main session there will be uhm this.
Well do we know what we will be subtitling the main project, 
the main presentation, 
or uhm what is known about the the set up of the -.
This is a question to to [ORGANIZATION6].
What is known about the set up uhm of of the main presentation, 
and the plenary conferences.
(PERSON2) I think it's it is plan.
I'm not sure if you do review allowed to concern subtitles in there. 
But I hope we will.
(PERSON12) Yes.
So so we should we should plan for the option that we are actually allowed to intercept the main projecting screen and add subtitles to that 
which would be obviously only the language of the speaker.
So limited number of languages.
But at the same time,
we expect that everybody in the audience will have their cell phones or whatever devices. 
(PERSON2) We will be renting tablets for everyone.
We will be <other_yawn/> there will be know <unintelligible/> connection in there.
(PERSON12) Yeah, 
so there will be many wireless user devices uhm at the congress.
And everybody should be able to uhm connect to a specific website to see the live subtitles in whatever languages they choose.
Uhm so uh, I don't know the the second person from [ORGANIZATION6] uhm is also involved in the exact like set up of that.
(PERSON6) Not really.
But our only person familiar with audio.
(PERSON12) Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
So uhm so in in essence the set up should be similar to what we had of the fair uh.
But uh this needs to be described precisely for for the call for tenders,
because some uhm outside company will provide uhm old hardware that we ask for. 
(PERSON6) Yes, the problem is audio mix and sounds of for all of this stuff.
(PERSON12) I didn't quite understand.
The sound mixer they will have some sound mixer uhm but we need to say what it should be capable of.
(PERSON12) So -
(PERSON6) Exactly. 
(PERSON6) I mean to finalise this drawing with the details of the audio mixer and video mixer.
<unintelligible/> how many and how they have to be connected the one each other.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So uhm this is something that we have to describe ourselves, 
because the company is not known.
And this,
we need to provide description complete description from our side, 
and whatever the company will be chosen afterwards,
they will accomodate to this,
that's my understanding.
So what should we add drawing uhm to have all the important details about the mixing.
My uhm level of description was was pretty like high-level.
I only said that we expect that there would be some English sound that we could get hold off through an excel hour cable that's the lower part of the drawing,
or RCA cable or TS/TRS the small or larger jack once one per language.
This is my this is my expectations.
Do we need to provide any more details?
Uhm for the call for tenders?
<other_noise/>
(PERSON6) We need to specify the uhm audio mixer that needs need to be available
and how what kind of output way have to provide to the input of the booth.
So for example, you know, as we have seen.
We need the let me say the <unintelligible/> and copy of the output of the microphone.
It is for the amplifier. 
(PERSON12) Oh, so <other_yawn/>
So what what we used in practice uhm was the what we used in practise was the phone like the the headphones output from the mixer.
(PERSON6) Yeah <unintelligible/>. 
(PERSON12) Yeah.
And and [PERSON2] was told this will not be available.
So uhm what you suggest is that you have that is that we get the direct copy from the microphone.
But then that's difficult thing, 
because as you see in my drawing either we uhm need to get the microphone from the English speaker, 
which is the main microphone somewhere in in the front, 
or we need the microphones from the interpreters booths producing English.
(PERSON10) And well, I hope there will be some auxiliary output from the uhm audio mixer builded not be sufficient?
(PERSON6) You have to be the it has to be the audio uhm from the microphone before any mixing or any uhm amplifier.
So before the amplifiers.
So it has to be the most clean audio as possible.
(PERSON10) Well, given that the audio mixer will be digital, 
uhm if we can get any digital output uhm that sounds okay for me.
(PERSON6) Okay. 
Okay, I think so, can you -.
(PERSON12) <unintelligible/> that its be written down to the drawing.
(PERSON10) Yes, now, we will need to know uhm which digital audio output you can handle.
(PERSON6) Okay.
We will have. 
Yeah.
We have to check which kind of uhm digital audio, okay.
If you can add this info into the uhm drawing going that.
(PERSON12) So where uhm.
So, where should we put this?
Uhm maybe-
(PERSON9) I think near to main audio mixer.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
It has to be the microphones will be connected to the mean audio mixer.
And then from the audio mixer there would be the need to have the uhm digital output uhm to the booth.
For both listening and uhm ASR.
(PERSON2) Yeah. 
<another_language> Booth znamená nějakou vaši krabici, že?</another_language> 
(PERSON12) So [PERSON6] when you say booth you mean the booth of the interpreters.
(PERSON6) Yes, yes, interpreters booth, sorry.
(PERSON10) <another_language> Bus je myšleno jako sběrnice. 
(PERSON12) Bus je sběrnice, no.
Ale co bude digitálního?</another_language>
Sorry for switching in Czech. 
What is plans to be digital? 
Uhm, if I've never work with digital microphones.
So I would aspect that digital microphone is something which connects to USB as opposed to uh, the audio input of of the computer.
But that's the only thing that I can imagine, 
but there is probably better hardware.
So, what what what does uhm digital microphone connect to work provide.
(PERSON9) But that's sometimes funny because the wireless connection is digital but then it's plain <unintelligible/> for the <unintelligible/> again, yes.
(PERSON12) Again, yes.
(PERSON9) That sometimes happens <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) Yes, what uhm s-
(PERSON10) But when the mixer is digital than it should m- digital once again.
But then to stay digital,
I believe.
But-
(PERSON12) So, how do we how do we get that?
How do we ensure that this is uhm- 
So I'm sharing exchange to show the whole screen so that you can see they the drawing.
So I'm, I'm not really sure, where should I uhm where should I add this into the drawing, because it is something which like applies to all the, uh, all the different languages.
(PERSON10) Yeah.
It it is something between the speaker and the interpreters booth.
(PERSON12) Yeah, 
so [PERSON6] you are in your thinking, 
are you planning to capture the output of the interpreters as well, 
or not? 
Because what I had in mind and what what is illustrating in this picture is that whoever speaks English, we will get that English sound in uhm and from one input.
Uhm.
So this, this requires someone clever to like decide whether we are getting the main uhm the main microphone. 
Or the output of the interpreter's booth.
And maybe this set up is not a good idea.
Maybe you are thinking differently, 
maybe you are thinking that we are only taking the main microphone.
And uhm we are totally ignoring interpreters booth or something else.
So what it -.
(PERSON10) Uhm still have to think about that.
But I think uhm getting the interpreter schools audio could be really useful in any case.
(PERSON12) Yes, yes, I think so.
So uhm in in short.
So let's uhm what should I what should I how should I record this.
So uhm.
We need uhm uhm as original sound from the microphones as possible.
I believe the digital sound or these two signal captured at the microphone uhm. 
We need-
I'm writing to the google document,
I hope that you you can see that.
We need this from booth main microphone of the plenary session.
As well as uh for each of the languages uhm from interpreters' booths that uhm we can process which is English, German uhm then we we promiss that in [PROJECT1] to have also French and Czech. 
I should write Czech before German, Czech, French,
we promise some Italian.
So I was curious in the <unintelligible/> question if you will be doing that or uhm Italian and Spanish uhm we also promised some Russian, right?
<another_language> 2, 4, 6, 7. </another_language>
So this should be-
This should be all the languages that we ideally, 
would be able to process, right?
(PERSON9) I think there will be ones extra.
I think it.
(PERSON12) Italian is extra.
So -
(PERSON9) <unintelligible/> to language I think?
(PERSON12) Yes, so so what was the uhm-
(PERSON9) There should be five plus Czech.
(PERSON12) Five plus Czech.
Okay. 
So Italian is uhm to that's and it's there -.
Will there be Italian interpreters or not at all?
(PERSON9) I think so.
(PERSON12) Okay. 
Yeah.
(PERSON9) Are you remember <unintelligible/> [ORGANIZATION8] type set uhm.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON9) I think Italian is simple project [ORGANIZATION4] only.
(PERSON12) Okay.
Yeah, so Italian is only like for your interests.
So to say.
Uhm so how should we describe this?
And and also one more thing is the diarization.
Uhm, so we know uhm that uhm if we if we ask the company to give us the main uhm stage microphone,
then we need to figure out what language is spoken there at the moment. 
If we uhm ask the company as as I have drawn here to provide us with the English sound.
It would be their responsibility to like mix it for us.
But then uhm they are like touch touching the signal, 
and we are not uhm getting the very raw signal.
So I don't know what is better?
(PERSON9) Can you can you please repeat because it wasn't as clear to me, 
what what do you mean?
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So uhm I'm I'm thinking what should be the exact wording of the description of what we need.
If I use the wording being that is in the [ORGANIZATION7] document now,
which says we need this which is the uhm the microphone signal from both the main microphone as well as of uhm from the interpreters booths.
That would be one per language.
That means that if the speaker speaks English, uhm 
we will have as like we will have to run English ASR on the uhm main microphone uhm.
And if the speakers speaks German,
we would have to run a German ASR on the main microphone.
So we would need to know what language is being spoken at the main uhm stage.
If we-
(PERSON9) Yeah.
(PERSON12) If we ignore the main uhm stage uhm microphone uhm all together.
And if we follow our drawing uhm which says give us the English sound,
give us the Czech sound, give us the German sound,
then we do not need to do the diarization.
Or the different languages, 
because the company will do it for us.
But then we are reliant on uhm we relying on them not not distorting the signal.
So uhm like they will do something with the signal to select from the main microphone or from the interpreters booth.
And there is risk that they will some home miss handle it.
(PERSON9) Yeah and and this is also something that is men while.
So it also uhm.
(PERSON12) At the conference normally. 
Because uh, I'm I'm really afraid that some uhm uhm interpreters may even work in more languages.
And they decide on the spot which booth which cabine will emit which uhm which language.
(PERSON2) Yes, that's what's expected that actually.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So how does it work for the final like end users who follow normal interpreters booth.
I think they have like a selector of channels?
(PERSON2) Yes, they use own wireless transmitters and they own receiver with channels.
(PERSON12) Yeah, and the channels are like uhm uhm set for languages, so.
(PERSON2) I think so.
(PERSON12) So you like uhm  you when when you are getting this device as a participant at the conference, 
you know that if you want to listen to Spanish, 
you'll select channel five.
And if the if the main speaker speaks Spanish, what happens?
(PERSON2) I think that's undefined.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON6) But, I don't know.
(PERSON9) Put the phones and to listen to -.
(PERSON12) Directly.
Yeah.
So I think maybe if we ask for uhm the set up that, I have drawn.
And additionally uhm also the set up from the main microphone.
Then we could be able to diagnose what language is being spoken from the FAG that uhm the English sound from the interpreter is is silent.
I don't know.
[PERSON6]?
(PERSON6) Hm, I don't know either uhm.
(PERSON12) The problem is that we will <unintelligible/> the company.
The company will be contacted in two months from now.
The first companies will be contacted.
And then all of them will describe in detail how they will do it.
They were describing solution, 
how much [ORGANIZATION6] should pay for that solution, 
and then [ORGANIZATION6] will have some criteria.
And these criteria-
We can hope uhm elect.
We can say what should be in the criteria.
But that's it.
It will run like uhm offline deterministicly without our intervention.
And some company will be decided. <laugh/>
And only then once this this happens, 
which will be in half year from now the soonest.
Uhm only then we can talk directly to the company.
So the question is, what should be right?
So the the best possible company uhm is is chosen.
(PERSON9) It was also suggested that perhaps we could ask the company to rout the translated streams that to do main mixure and we would get it there.
But I don't know about will be interfaces if they capture all the channels or if they output just the one that's going out. 
Uhm, that something if you know that without because I think at least in the case of the more expensive option Dante I think there you get all the channels that go to the mixer in respect if of when they are selected or not.
(PERSON12) Ehm.
(PERSON9) Or that what I would assume.
(PERSON12) Yes. 
So that's-
are you going that's a question for [ORGANIZATION6],
are Dante is too expensive, or are you-
(PERSON9) Well, it is more expensive.
So the others, which has Britain in the agenda now would be preferable.
(PERSON12) Yeah, okay.
So, there is the IS fifty ultra net ISE view and Dante.
So, [PERSON6], uhm do you have any experience with any of these uhm digital interfaces?
(PERSON6) Not, just the Dante one.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So if it was Dante, uhm.
Just just so that I understead technical things.
If it was dante, then everywhere is internet wiring.
And that various devices probably have some whatever fingerprints or that somehow know what what should be directed somewhere and it's all software.
And then we can simply uhm connect to uhm this Dante bas.
And then uhm we need something which would grab the the appropriate packets that are relevant like for for that like -
what I have in the picture labelled as [PROJECT1] notebook for English intput or [PROJECT1] notebook for Czech input um.
How many uhm 
so with the a-
You said that you've work with Dante uhm so you need the Dante sound card or how does it work?
Or is there a software sound card?
You principally could just software sound card?
[PERSON6], ehm have you ever recorded the Dante sound to a notebook?
Have you ever sent it to the [ORGANIZATION4] platform?
(PERSON6) But notebook we have a part of ours working with Dante.
And as far as I remember, 
it's supposed to be a software decoding.
But I have to double check with the with the this part <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) Okay, so so you don't have -
You haven't done it yourself.
But you have a, uh, like a company that uhm that has used uhm the [ORGANIZATION4] platform, and they have shipped signal from Dante to platform.
(PERSON6) Yes.
Exactly.
(PERSON12) Yeah,
So uhm the problem is that we need this description by Friday at the latest, right? 
(PERSON6) And it would still work I think. 
(PERSON12) Yeah.
Yeah uhm-
(PERSON9) It was last Friday but uhm -
(PERSON12) It was actually the the last Friday. <laugh/>
But -
(PERSON9) The next Friday it should be still possible to sneak an some technical details.
(PERSON12) Ehm, uhm so how she -
() By the way the internet should also be ethernet like but without IP.
So it won't go to switches and <unintelligible/> all this stuff, 
(PERSON12) Ehm.
() But it's still should be possible I think to get a normal at work that.
(PERSON6) I can't hear you.
As far as I know Dante has its own software.
Available for both Windows and Mac too get audio from Dante network. 
(PERSON12) Um-hum.
So.
What one needs to do only is to connect the notebook with Mac or Windows to this same ethernet uhm 
and then it will suddenly uh like the software can record the audio from some of the channels that that run over the network, right?
(PERSON6) Yep.
(PERSON2) Well, so that's a good question, 
because even if the mixer has dante everything else will be done as if it hadn't I think.
So it should be also explicitly said that the mixer will put the required channels uhm on the bas.
I'm I'm not sure how do mixers work,
perhaps they do always do it.
But I'm not sure?
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So, <laugh/> um, 
I think we have to leave that so uhm - 
Can we demand Dante?
Would it make our lives easier?
Or or not really like?
I'm not sure? 
It definitely makes life little harder for [ORGANIZATION6].
(PERSON2) Yes.
So we would uhm we would be -
Aaa
willing to provided if you say you can really work with it and you will.
Ehm if you don't do be quite angry.
(PERSON12) Yeah. <laugh/>
So the other options.
Uhh.
They are like it's uhm assume that it's well, 
something which is limited to two channels is definitely not not an option.
Uhm.
(PERSON9) Unless there's one for each -
(PERSON12) Yeah.
I think that -
<other_yawn/>
(PERSON6) Uh, we don't have experience on the our options.
Near us neither our partners.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON6) That's why we would like to move on Dante because we have this part of with experience some Dante and use these with our software.
(PERSON12) Yeah, and was the scale comparable to what what is the planned that the [ORGANIZATION8].
So uhm was it in the the case that uhm  around six languages that we that you were recording or the the partner was was recording six input channels uhm uhm
or well six languages.
And maybe the 7th for the for the main microphone.
Uhm was was it that large scale, 
or was it smaller?
(PERSON6) I have to check with my partner, 
because you know it's it's not something he could maybe he can not disclose this information now.
(PERSON12) Yes, yes.
Yeah. 
Well, what we simply need an estimated whether uhm Dante is capable of of this.
I don't know.
I would expect uhm it is possible.
But it is the same network that will we will use for also the communication like after for for the communication to the to the mediator.
Uhm.
I believe.
So -
(PERSON6) That's sure. 
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON2) I think it's definitely best to keep the audio support.
And not use the network for the other <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) Okay,
but then if we have uhm this audio network even if it's Dante uhm
then you need the second internet card for each of the devices.
So it's uhm this is this is a complicated hardware set up. 
So uhm in my set up which was analog sound,
it assumed that we have one notebook per language, 
and we can definitely find enough notebooks for this.
And each of the notebooks needs to be connected to the internet and get the.
Uh, get the sound and send it to the uhm [ORGANIZATION4] mediator. 
Uhm but with the dante set up I'm not sure how many noteb- notebooks would we need.
Like one per language or or not?
That's that's difficult question, 
and we are not sure whether it h- h-  
it has to be different internet wiring for the sound for the Dante and for the network.
I would assume as [PERSON2] says,
it's it's better to give them separate.
So it would need uhm one notebook per language 
and uhm two internet cards uhm like two internet plugs uhm per notebook.
(PERSON9) If it should be fine with one notebook if it has sufficient power which should not be that high.
(PERSON12) Yeah, yeah.
That's-
just audio.
It's just audio but six channels at the same time.
(PERSON9) It's still just audio. 
(PERSON12) Yes, so [PERSON6].
What, what do you what do you think?
It's-
What is more risky?
(PERSON6) Now, I I I know it's aaa only audio but ehm I I think it would be better to keep ehm data audio data and network traffic uhm separated just because uhm ehm it is important not to have consestion on the audio network.
So keep keep it them uhm distinguished ehm uhm can guarantee uhm no network consestion due to internet traffic.
I would say.
(PERSON12) 
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we-
So that could make it quite expensive, 
uhm because we need the ethernet cards
or uhm quite risky, 
because we wouldn't use the same network for the audio and the notebooks.
(PERSON9) So all you can bring a notebook computer for the task.
(PERSON12) We don't have that many desktops
<laugh/>, 
there would be available.
(PERSON9) In the server?
(PERSON12) Yeah.
Well, is a blade servers.
Correct.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> one I think,
but I to collect all the audio we will need one PC for each language.
(PERSON12) Yeah. Yeah.
I  I think so.
Just to be uhm like on the safe side, 
because if something fails, 
you can debug the than fixing to language by language as well, 
(PERSON9) One technical <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) No no, 
only one languages being spoken at the moment.
So uhm so the the few technicians can focus on the on the more important machine at the moment.
Hm so yes.
So my drawing is is correct in the part [PROJECT1] notebook for uhm language. 
but it's wrong ehm in ehm the lowest part uhm the the speakers.
So we don't want.
This is so the so -
here, I think that I should re- redraw it.
And I should simply say that we want the sound from the speaker to one more notebook.
[PERSON6].
(PERSON6) Yes.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So so I'll I'll redraw uhm the drawing so that we've one more notebook for the like main stage uhm uhm input uhm.
And uhm then we will somehow uhm either manually or automatically based on the activity or inactivity on the various uhm outputs from the booths.
We will have to decide what language is the current main channel in.
And then uhm like is is it difficult in in the [ORGANIZATION4] platform to relabel uhm client that-
So how do you-
yeah that's it.
So how do many of these notebooks connects to the same mediator?
So far we have always run one client and not a same clients?
(PERSON6) Where can be multiple clients connecting to the same mediator.
This is not an issue at all.
(PERSON12) But all of them are providing something which needs to be like operated on jointly.
So it's not separate sessions.
It's not one notebook per uhm uhm per lang-
Like all of them are providing inputs uhm to the set up.
And then uhm the translation is is run, 
uhm not like we're not running all of the many the translation engines.
We want to run multilingual translation engines.
So any of the separate notebooks after the ASR can provide input to the multilingual translation uhm system.
So that's that's the hard part.
I know that the-
(PERSON6) But it's not something that's done at the laptop, 
because uh, you know, when you ask for uhm ehm -.
(PERSON12) Session?
(PERSON6) For a session this is done by the mediator involving the ehm the uhm the workers.
So if we have six laptops ehm uhm these corresponds to six sessions into the in the a mediator.
Each one targeting one source language.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So that uhm the set up than for us would be uhm like from, that that's hard.
How do how would how do we provide the uhm the 23 output languages?
Ehm because we need to join these sessions in the mediator uhm
in then based on the available empty systems, 
decide which of them are the best ones to use.
So there could be direct fair in some cases,
or there could be pivoting via English.
And if you are doing pivoting-
Let's let's say that we are doing pivoting via English.
So if the input is in English.
Then and and let's say that the final step is multilingual system that goes from English into all the languages.
Uh.
So then you need to select the session coming from the main in uhm uhm main input notebook if the main speaker speaks English.
But then you need to switch to the English uhm sound,
if uhm he speaks Russian.
<censored/>
Uh, so we.
We take the extra delay of the interpreter, 
and then use uhm use the English sound.
And if our German ASR is good.
And the main speaker speaks German,
we needs uhm then again switched to the uhm the the main microphone and use German ASR on it.
And then this German needs to be translated to English.
And then this English needs to be translated to all the target languages.
So there is a fair bit of logic.
And both the sound switching 
and also at the translations switching.
And this is something that needs to be like flexible during the day.
So we don't want to stop the notebook, stop the uhm clients running at all the all the notebooks to to to have them connect to a new session or <unintelligible/>.
So I don't know how to set this up uhm at the moment.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
But but but I think that that basically what we are saying,
is that that was the need of a director.
Human director. 
But selects what's needs to be uhm.
<censored/>
the director <unintelligible/> switch to the English interpreter, for example.
So every language, every input language has uhm have to have its own ehm session with the mediator.
With all of the workers in the mediator.
If it is one single multi language ASR or if it is based on multiple <unintelligible/> machine translation workers.
And then <unintelligible/> need to have director selecting which output needs to be published. 
we needs to be streamed to the customer.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
Okay.
So I agree that every input notebook has to uhm like come up with its own session.
But then the this is the part that we are not familiar with, 
because so far we have only seen the [ORGANIZATION1] uhm [ORGANIZATION1] lecture translator view. 
And that [ORGANIZATION1] lecture translator somehow magically knew that there is a new session available.
And uhm in that session it's new which languages are available.
So I uhm my understanding would be that this director the person would see the outputs from all the ASRs.
So all the uhm in in input notebooks would start a client session that provides like ASR in that language, 
then the director would monitor uhm the outputs of the ASR and uhm they the director would like say which of this sessions should be directly transferred uhm to another session, 
uhm and there would be the multilingual translation.
So the director would uhm would like uhm and the clients will have their own view.
And these these views would be again wuu multilingual or single language.
That's uhm that's <unintelligible/> thing, 
but they would be constantly connected.
And the director would like redirect different sessions to them.
Would that be possible?
So we need like uhm -
What what is the presentation platforms?
That's this is something that you are expected to develop.
And maybe you have something halfly there.
But this is something which is critical.
We need to have the clients the end user devices connected to the same session ID, different sessions obviously, but like clients session. 
And we need to switch various ehm translations to them based on what what is available?
(PERSON6) Yeah.
We don't have yet the solution to this.
But I we are we taking on going that we bad.
Regarding the director the human director to select which output to be ehm published for each session for for each sorry for each speech.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
And and this uhm this will be implemented by [PERSON4] or over- or supervise by [PERSON4] or someone else or you?
(PERSON6) Thus-
(PERSON12) Okay, [PERSON4].
<unintelligible/>
(PERSON12) Yeah, [PERSON6] or [PERSON4].
<laugh/>
(PERSON6) Yeah it is it is us but I we have to come back with uhm proposal to be shared between us.
(PERSON12) Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So uhm this is this is something very important.
And we the time is short for this. 
Because it's already uhm it's in two months actually. 
Like two and 20 days extra I know.
<laugh/>
So it's in in 80 days we need is running in reliable.
<censored/>
<laugh/>
So.
But but anyway back back to the set up.
So we will definitely need one PC per input channel and we can leave it uhm open whether this channel uhm what the input with what the sound will be uhm uhm -
Yeah, 
well, okay, so um
For the uhm if will be easier for uhm for the workshop in those 80 days.
But stil, this is where we need to test the uhm the switching lives so that it works for the [ORGANIZATION8] congress which is in a year from now,
we will demand that we get uhm as direct a sound from each of the interpreters booths uhm labeled by the language.
So we know what uhm from the interpreters booths with demand that is only English coming from these booths.
Not that someone suddenly start speaking uhm German at that booth.
That could happen like due to the flexibility.
(PERSON9) I think that you are now for assumed the interpreters to uhm run of from the booth and just places.
(PERSON12) Yes. <laugh/>
Yes, but who does this mixing of the channels normally?
(PERSON9) I think there's a separate interpreting kind of device.
That's like an audiomixer.
(PERSON12) It's like a booth mixer.
(PERSON9) I think there's another person behind another device that that does it.
(PERSON12) Ehm and we do not want the output from this uhm like interpreters mixing device because that will be like one more uhm level of volume changes.
And so on, right?
(PERSON9) Also, maybe there I must even sure how many me- microphones are in the booth?
(PERSON12) Mm-hmm.
(PERSON9) Is that just one or one per person?
(PERSON12) I have no idea.
So that's ehm then that's it.
So we will simply demand that we want the direct output from the main microphone and direct output from each language uhm of the interpreters booths. 
And for the main microphone we are happy to like accomodate to the language. 
But for the interpreters booths we are we demanded that they are labeled, right?
[PERSON6], does that sound okay?
(PERSON6) Can you please repeat, sorry?
(PERSON12) Yeah?
So.
Uh, I'm trying to word what do we demand from the sound mixing company.
(PERSON6) Okay.
(PERSON12) And I think that we demand that there is one mic- one direct microphone output from the main uhm microphone.
And -. 
(PERSON6) Yes.
(PERSON12) And that there is uhm one uhm direct microphone output from each of the booths and for these the booth microphones we demand that only uhm the predefined languages is spoken at that channel.
So if someone says this is the English microphone.
Then uhm it must be English coming from that.
(PERSON6) Yes.
(PERSON12) Does that does that sound acceptable to us?
(PERSON6) Yes, I think so.
(PERSON12) Yeah. 
(PERSON2) If we this realistic?
<another_language> Já si říkám královna koloběžka v týdle chvíli, protože smixovaný i nesmixovaný.
(PERSON12) Co jak smixovaný i nesmixovaný?
(PERSON2) No chceš mít vybraný, který tam je kanál. 
(PERSON12) No.
(PERSON2) Ale zároveň nechceš, aby někdo vybíral.
(PERSON12) Jo. </another_language> <laugh/>
(PERSON2) Just as it might be impossible to request that from the company.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So the the the [PERSON2] uhm correctly says that -.
Well no not really.
I say that in each booth only one language should be spoken.
So if the interpreters speak other languages, yes they will have to shuffle <unintelligible/> booths. <laugh/>
And that we want direct microphone output from that.
I think that's uhm -.
I think it makes sense from our point of view.
It's difficult for the interpreters, but it's doable.
It's not uhm.
(PERSON2) Depends what will -. 
(PERSON12) What the company has -.
(PERSON2) How what the interpreters will want to be paid for a such a physicall <another_language> jak se říká </another_language>.
<laugh/>
Also they will probably have to be a bit more room round the booths,
so they can get around quickly because they there otherwice the booth will be born <unintelligible/> together.
Because there's little-
(PERSON12) But how does it work normally?
I-
<other_yawn/> 
Who knows, who knows what languages they speak in what languages they this like, how do they communicate with the with the director of the interpreters?
<another_language/>
(PERSON2) I just googled an image of interpreters booth.
(PERSON12) Yeh. 
This is like the -
(PERSON2) Also there is discussion that where they will be placed.
If they will be placed in a balcony,
then they will use the windows <unintelligible/> going on.
Because they need to <unintelligible/>.
Otherwise they will get monitors.
(PERSON12) Okay. 
(PERSON2) And yes on the balcony they don't want them running around <laugh/> on the actor for balcony.
<other_noise/>
Back to the <unintelligible/> topic.
In this case is not <unintelligible/> just a waste because it will be just for a one channel that not useful.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON2) If you want one of the other interfaces from the main mixer under main microphone.
Then why not, but.
(PERSON12) So there is still another problem laws.
So I'm, I'm quite confident that there will be more microphones at the main stage than just one.
So how do we ask uhm for one microphone output. 
That's the uhm.
Yeah.
[PERSON6], how how bad is it to use some auxiliary output from the mixing device?
It it can be it -
(PERSON6) How bad is?
How bad is?
(PERSON12) Yeah. 
How bad it is.
Yes.
(PERSON6) Sorry, how bad is it to?
(PERSON12) To use the auxiliary output from the mixing device instead of the direct microphone output.
(PERSON6) Ooo, depends of the vi- sound mixer.
I mean uhm.
(PERSON12) Out the mixer, that's it yeah.
(PERSON1) Maybe we can have second microphone just for [PROJECT1] for translation.
Completly independence set of microphone.
(PERSON2) So you voluntier to run round the poud you to whoever just speaks?
(PERSON1) We need to hire someone for this.
But. 
<another_language/>
When you watch TV and there is some press conference that -.
(PERSON12) There is often many microphones.
(PERSON1) Yes. 
Many microphones in in front of one speakers. 
So, they must be used with.
(PERSON2) But then you don't want the direct conection to each of those.
(PERSON12) Anyway.
Let's okay.
(PERSON9) <unintelligible/> of the digital output from the main mixer, 
I think-
(PERSON12) Yeah, that -.
(PERSON9) It should be fine.
(PERSON12) Yeah. 
So the digital output from the main mixer. 
(PERSON9) Then you have the it's switch to the correct microphone. 
(PERSON12) Ehm.
Then we can easily switch to the correct microphone.
(PERSON9) Or you will have its switch for you.
(PERSON12) Ehm. 
So it seems like we will prefer Dante because it's -
<other_yawn/>
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> one of the others.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON9) If it's just one channel or channels, because -
(PERSON12) No per language.
Per language.
(PERSON2) Well there's no languages ehm on the stage.
There is just what <unintelligible/> spoken.
If we are well the main mixer,
then is there is just one channel.
So even if you chose the ASETU then it's still one channel and you are fine.
(PERSON12) Mm-hmm.
So can we uhm can the call for tenders contain options?
(PERSON9) Well, yes, 
but then be attending <other_yawn/> not us.
(PERSON12) Yes. 
And we choose, and you choose the uhm the company based on what options they have chosen.
(PERSON9) But if we have if we don't put the requirement for Dante there, then probably no one will offer because it's more expensive.
(PERSON12) More expensive, yes.
(PERSON9) It's lot more expensive. 
Not in absolute numbers but in relative it's a bit <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON2) But if they -
you should be fine with -
Dante is good if you transport to manage up.
(PERSON12) Yes, yes. 
But I think one. 
But I think that Dante would be also solution for them.
Uhm for the booths.
(PERSON2) If you want all the signal <unintelligible/> back to the main mixer and you use it to capture those,
but then you will also need some switch and those notebooks,
even that you want one notebook per channel anyway.
(PERSON12) Ehm.
(PERSON2) I don't see-
(PERSON12) The point.
Yeah.
(PERSON2) The advantages is not as big to concentrate all the <unintelligible/> in to one cable.
If you wanted to have just one machine that connects to the booths,
that makes more sense.
(PERSON12) Yeah. 
Ehm.
Okay,
so well.
We'll specified as <unintelligible/> set.
We will demand one uhm channel direct microphone output. 
Preferably digital from any number of microphones from the main stage.
And also one direct microphone output from each of the translation booth for English, Czech, uhm German, 
and then uh what what about the other languages?
Do we mention them,
or do we not plan the -.
So uhm for the given the promises in the project proposal.
We do not have to uhm cover the [ORGANIZATION8] congress which our French ASR or with our Russian ASR. 
Uhm it would be a nice thing to have.
But it's not obligatory. 
So the question is whether we will demanded here uhm or or not.
And I think that uhm we should say yes, 
we should say that we want these.
So I have removed <unintelligible/> Italian, right?
(PERSON8) Ehmm.
(PERSON12) And -.
(PERSON6) For for these for June in in 
(PERSON12) For June English uhm only English will be spoken.
So June is good, 
uhm because it's very similar to the set up that we had that at the fair, 
but we for June we need to have the multiple targets uhm target languages.
So we need to present uhm uhm the uhm the participants with the slides, 
and with the subtitles of their choice uhm on in a web based interface uhm on a wired connection.
Uhm but it needs to be translated into many languages from one English ASR.
So the the set up is essentially very similar.
We just need the different presentation platform for June. 
And for for the year from now, we need uhm yeah we will I think uhm -
Yeah.
I think we were done with this uhm with this set up up wave.
Essentially, we have come to the conclusion that we could have uhm had upfront.
But that's it's important to go through this.
So I'll I'll changed uhm as I described, or to change the drawing.
<laugh/>
And we will say that for each of the recording notebooks uhm per language uhm it's actually up to the company whether uhm they uhm provide us with digital input or or single channel correct.
(PERSON2) That's risky. 
Because, if you don't specify digital output you can get any of those or some others.
(PERSON12) Okay.
(PERSON2) I think it would be preferable to say get booth analog output as a call back and one -.
(PERSON12) Yes.
(PERSON2) Digital interface scholar choice.
(PERSON12) Okay.
Yes.
(PERSON2) So what would be available?
(PERSON12) Yes.
Yes, yes.
So can you can you phrases to the [ORGANIZATION7] document.
(PERSON2) Uhm if we can get [PERSON6] to say.
(PERSON12) So [PERSON6].
(PERSON2) Support one of those cheaper digital interfaces.
Ehm.
Because if we want analog as a full back then really if we don't want to pay for Dante if it's just for the case.
(PERSON12) <unintelligible/> call back and one cheaper non Dante ehm digital output.
<laugh/>
<another_language/>
So [PERSON6]?
It seem that Dante does not simplify the things. 
Because we still want one notebook per language.
So it seems that [ORGANIZATION6] is is not willing to to provide Dante.
and then in that case uhm we can always fallback to the uh to the uh to the analog audio. 
But uhm would you-
Would you make a decision -
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> with my partner.
(PERSON12) Yeah, so please, let us know, 
and like by mid week or on Friday at the latest.
What digital audio ehm should be specify in the in the documentation.
So we will ask for the um six uhm language uhm language labeled uhm wires and one main stage wire.
Ahhh and it has to be analog fallback and digital of preferably the one thing that you choose.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay so I hope that someone has taken notes for me. 
<laugh/>
(PERSON8) [PERSON6]?
Let us know on now by Thursday.
So we have Friday to process process proceseed with a [ORGANIZATION6], okay?
(PERSON6) Okay.
(PERSON8) Thank you.
(PERSON12) Yeah, 
and part of that is so let's -
we have discussed sorry for this very long discussion uhm.
But like well,
we are just not experienced enough to uhm to make the uhm the guess what will work best.
So we need to discuss it with detail.
So uhm then for the microphones.
This is also something that uhm can be and should be demanded in the call for tenders.
So if you have any numbers that you can put into the call for tenders like sensitivity and frequency response and noise,
please include those numbers.
So this defines all the individual microphones that the speakers will use.
(PERSON2) I think to for us it's important to specify the microphones on the stage.
(PERSON12) Yes.
(PERSON2) But there will be also I think one microphone per to people in the audios.
(PERSON12) Ehm.
(PERSON2) But I think we do not really care about those.
(PERSON12) Yes, no.
We don't expect to to uhm to to translate a questions.
So they those will can be you cheaper <unintelligible/>.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So.
So [PERSON6], can you can you copy from some of your other materials the specification of the microphones that are needed?
(PERSON6) So we by the way people wants these on the stage.
(PERSON9) Wired or wireless?
(PERSON6) Sorry?
(PERSON12) Wired or wireless?
<laugh/>
(PERSON2) To the use different sets of parametres?
(PERSON6) No but uhm for example wired microphones are usually better because they can use uhm better uhm card in the receiver and the you the microphone is bigger usually when the uhm wireless one now.
But I but I in fact the main differences is the main difference is if it test to be some sort of wireable ust like <unintelligible/> or something that all all if it can be the classic microphone.
(PERSON2) I would expect wireless for the stage.
And if you want to specify <unintelligible/> in the booths and actually it's possible to change those.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON6) Then those could be large.
(PERSON12) No it should be wired.
I'm sure, but also for the main stage.
I would actually expect it will be wired microphone at the black booth at the stand of the speaker.
Uhm fixed as as as is common in in like conference hall or .
(PERSON6) I think this is not not for us to decide anyway.
(PERSON12) I would say that we prefer wired microphones involving the main one.
So this specification should be for uhm for wired uhm primarily.
And then like uhm maybe add a note like if you have to go wireless uhm followed these numbers.
So uhm yeah. 
So [PERSON6] please provides this specification uhm for and that's will be uhm main stage wired uhm microphones uhm uhm and interpreters booths large microphones.
Uhm in the unfortunate case of wireless is also specify the characteristics of those. 
So [PERSON6] is that uhm is that clear? 
(PERSON6) Let me check. 
Yes.
Yes.
(PERSON12) So we need to specification for the wire microphones.
Ahh at both types of uhm locations.
And we also need the specification for the wireless uhm uhm main stage.
Uhm in case the company, or someone else besides it has to be wireless.
But we don't prefer wireless.
So.
Yeah.
So again this is this is something that we need to know by Thursday.
Then you mention that uhm-
Okay, so.
Let's let's move quickly to the uhm.
Yeah I I was supposed to be living at the moment already.
But yes.
So please, please the next item is to get a contact for uhm someone uhm from [ORGANIZATION4] who will handle the presentation platform.
And uhm the idea here.
So this is the uhm so this is for you or for [PERSON4].
But the idea is that uhm the platform will have to be different for the workshop in June, 
and for the [ORGANIZATION8] congress. 
Because the setting is different.
So uhm  actually for the congress we will need two types of presentation platforms.
And one of those platforms for the [ORGANIZATION8] congress will be the same as the one in June but there also be the uhm the the wireless devices only for the for the next year.
So uhm if we focus on the upcoming the June workshop.
What we need to do what we need to have is something like that keeps the lecture translator uhm thing except that I would really like to mix it with the uhm with the screen from the ehm main presentation.
So my idea is that we will do video grabbing uhm from the main presentation computer, 
as it is sending the the screen to the main projector. 
So we'll put uhm put a video mixer there the the epiphan device and and steel signal, 
and then we will stream video of the slides, 
as a live streaming uhm channel to the wired network.
And then we need uhm web uhm web based presentation where people will see uhm this this stream slides.
And also they will have the choice to to choose which subtitles they want to see.
And this part is essentially the [ORGANIZATION1] media- presenter the one that you have seen, and that you work with. 
(PERSON6) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Some sort of lecture just later or something like that.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So.
Will it be you or [PERSON4] or still someone else who will be actually coding this thing.
(PERSON6) Please [PERSON4] will be the focal point.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So the thing is that it has to have this capacity that the [ORGANIZATION1] lectured translator has.
So it has to connect to the mediator and observe whatever channels that whatever channels it whatever language is there are and so on, 
but it also uh should include in the html the video streaming you.
(PERSON6) Yeah.
(PERSON12) And we need to uhm like someone either you or we need to develop the video mixer.
So the notebook that is used to steal the uhm slides as presented.
And it has two purposes the notebook it one for one thing it creates the English subtitles underneath.
And for another thing it is streams the um it sends out the video of of the grab slides to the network.
So it serves as the web server that anybody can connect to engage the streaming from.
Do you see the set up?
Do you understand the the set up that I've just uhm-
<other_noise/>
Yeah.
So this is this is something that uhm we really need to develop in those 80 days.
And uhh yeah. <laugh/> 
We should synchronize on this very early.
So please find the person the not just [PERSON4] but they the one would be actually coding this, or if it is [PERSON4] then fine.
Uhm but we need to talk with this person as soon as possible so that the specification is clear to the person, 
and that we can test it early and so on.
(PERSON6) Yes, it's important to have uhm video steamer, 
which suppose, for example, age less.
The [ORGANIZATION3] uhm is is streaming.
(PERSON12) Ahaa, okay.
Yeah.
I don't know that. 
<laugh/>
Ehm so, yeah.
So that means like if the notebooks uhm are uhm then [ORGANIZATION3] notebooks, 
it won't be [ORGANIZATION3] notebooks. 
It will be some some windows-based machines.
I'm sure.
(PERSON6) <unintelligible/> the the [ORGANIZATION3] the protocol [ORGANIZATION3] live streaming is a just the protocol, but it's - 
it's supported all both Windows and Linux and whatever we use -
could be also the <unintelligible/> engines streaming engine, and in this.
(PERSON12) Okay.
Well, I have no experience with this.
So uhm.
So if you can, uh, connect me with the person who knows or if well yeah.
Yeah.
So the question is, 
who will be developing the video grabber part. 
And who will be developing the presentation part.
You will be doing surely the presentation part, uh.
And the the video grabbing part is something that uhm needs to do both this streaming.
And at the same time it is needs to uhm  presented and add the English subtitles.
(PERSON6) Yeah, we have to double check for the presentation of the English subtitle
 we have to talk about that.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON2) Not just English. 
(PERSON12) Well, no for the main screen it will be only English.
(PERSON2) Right. Right.
(PERSON12) So the idea is that on the main screen will be presenting will be only video mixing English subtitles under the uhm slides.
(PERSON2) We have to talk about that.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
(PERSON2) Because the it is a little bit-
We have to understand if it's visible to also mix the subtitles uhm at the same time.
We have to uhm talk about these.
(PERSON12) Yeah. Why would there be a problem?
I I see it only as a way as a different client.
Uh, so they-
Well.
I know the nice.
Yeah.
(PERSON2) It's aa just a little bit more difficult, 
because the was the need to have one dedicated video screen to prepared the subtitles to be published on the media platform.
These quite for sure would need a deal mixer for uhm on the [ORGANIZATION6] and when does the need to have the set up also off <unintelligible/> the subtitles have to be put on screen be <unintelligible/> not to for example going to areas or ehm black areas.
Uh, depending on the color the subtitles.
It's a just a little bit more it a <unintelligible/> more informations and more word to be done.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
So I've I've started putting this together with simple like X Windows set up so that uhm the idea is that I use Mplayer embedded Mplayers.
So I like repair that's that's function from X window.
So I I create in in <unintelligible/> uhm set up where I specify the rectangle for for a slightly reduced slides and I use Mplayer to to just show the webcam that comes from the video grabber uhm which is the slides live. 
And below that I can easily <unintelligible/> again and again shown whatever found I have in in my X Windows which is still like limited so far.
And extern and
what I would need is a client or monitor of a mediator uhm which emits plain text outputs to this extern.
And that would that would be flexible enough for me. 
But that would not do the streaming of the slides at the same time, 
so that in order to uh, to do the stream of the slight, something would have to be added.
And it's also not as nice as as you were, 
uhm as you have for the Romanian set up where you have an overlay off the slides to the subtitles.
So -.
(PERSON9) <unintelligible/> I ment mean to do.
But it's uhm.
It's a little bit more complicated.
(PERSON12) Yeah, yeah.
So we we need to find the decide who will do this.
Uhm, yeah.
So are you willing to do this at [ORGANIZATION4],
or should we be involved in the implementation of this?
(PERSON9) Uhm.
I I would say that if you if you do that.
It could be better, because you know, there is all of the our stuff to be completed and <unintelligible/>. 
(PERSON12) So I'll keep looking at this myself.
And if I'm struggling.
Then I will let you know, soon enough, 
so that we can jointly find a fallback solution, 
but I still keep it in my-
it is in my to do list.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON12) Yeah. 
Okay.
So then the next question.
Will,you also try to get your ASR in the whole lifetime of the project for Italian?
So would you be planning to train your own engines? 
And who would get <unintelligible/>
That's the question, because like we have here we have [PERSON7] we have met him and uhm it would be very useful for [PERSON7] to have a chance to talk to anyone uhm like fighting with the same problems.
The idea is to use [PROJECT2] before the set up.
Uhm so we need a connector for [PROJECT2] to the mediator.
(PERSON9) We don't.
<unintelligible/> we are not using [PROJECT2]
we are use <unintelligible/> on ASR -
(PERSON12) Still a different thing.
(PERSON9) Sorry?
(PERSON12) So you not even [PERSON5] not even the the toolkit from [ORGANIZATION1]?
Yes, something else.
(PERSON9) No, it's our own.
It's based on [ORGANIZATION5] speech recognition it's evolution of [ORGANIZATION5] ASR.
It's our own ASR and we already integrated the uhm these in to the mediator and but -.
That's why we can easily add Italian as lang- as a uhm supported language.
If obvisously it needs all of the customization for the [ORGANIZATION6] events.
(PERSON12) Yep.
Yep.
Okay.
So.
In that case, we can only like keep asking you with who for various tips like how to integrated best.
But essentially you are not on the same boat.
We are.
We are behind.
So we need to uhm like coop ourselves.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON12) Uhm. 
Yeah.
And then uhm the the last question is related this.
But uhm yes, yes, yes.
The last question is related to this because if we are on our uhm ground before do- if we are if we are developing this ourselves.
It would be useful for us to have a look at the uhm python connector, which you are still developing.
So the question is when the python connector uhm to the [ORGANIZATION4] platform would be ready?
(PERSON9) Let me say that we are struggling with uhm one let me say issue in the python binding) python binding.
But uhm if you want add this mix the uhm the integration still not working at <unintelligible/> point.
So if you want I can in any case share the status of the binding to the mCloud, the python binding.
And we can have a uhm double check on the uhm on the binding itself.
If you have someone <unintelligible/> in python maybe it could be useful.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
Yes, there is people who used python around.
So I think it would be very useful to share even if it's not working at the moment, 
because we were like already start uhm start looking at how to connect to that 
and maybe yes, maybe we will be able to to help with that issue as well.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON12) Publish it probably again to the public website, right?
Would that be okay?
(PERSON9) Yes. Yes. Yes.
(PERSON12) Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that that will be great.
So I'll then directly pass it to [PERSON7].
Uhm well share the code so far to the public [PROJECT1] web <unintelligible/>.
Yeah.
Okay.
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON12) [PERSON12] will started to [PERSON7].
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's everything.
So thank you for this long and exhausting call.
Sorry.
Remember, we need the details on the [PERSON3] from you.
And we need to what was the other most important part the cho- the choice of the uhm digital input.
So the choice of the digital.
And the [PERSON3] specifications.
We will redraw the picture uhm to make it clear that we want one more channel for the main stage. 
And we will we will be reliable ourse-
will be responsible ourselves for the choice like which ASR to run and what,
but we don't -
we will only struggle with the main uhm stage, 
and not with the other booths 
that would be responsibility of that company.
And that's it.
Right?
(PERSON9) Okay.
(PERSON12) Yeah, 
Okay so.
Thank you very much.
I don't have any other questions myself, 
anyone else? 
Any other comments, questions?
(PERSON2) You get just one channel, and that will be it, right?
(PERSON12) Yes, for June, we are getting only English channel.
And we are expected to produce this videomixing thing and we will synchronize on this very soon.
(PERSON2) So the channels they can be spread over space, right?
If you, if the main channel from the stage is available at the different physical locations.
(PERSON12) Ou.
(PERSON2) It could be fine.
(PERSON12) So yes, like, physically for the  main [ORGANIZATION8] congress.
We need all these notebooks to be connected to the same hardware network which is indicated in the picture.
The same ethernet.
Over switch or router.
And as long as this is through,
physically they can be anywhere.
Yeah.
(PERSON2) It's.
(PERSON12) Yeah, so I think that the all the the set up here is is like uhm correct except for the sound which we have discussed. 
Okay?
So.
Thank you very much [PERSON6].
Thank you.
If you are still there.
(PERSON4) Yes. 
Sorry.
[PERSON6] has leave for a second yet the call uhm but everything is clear, thank you.
And here is [PERSON4]. <laugh/> 
(PERSON12) You are here all time.
So you know, you have heard everything.
[PERSON4], right?
(PERSON4) Yes, yes.
(PERSON12) Yes.
That's good.
So we need to figure out like who will be implementing the the presenter and so on.
So thank you.
And um yeah, have a good rest of the day.
(PERSON4) Bye. 
Bye, bye.
