DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON9 is a PhD student doing her master's in Organizing3.
 -PERSON10 is on vacation, so she can't join the meeting.
 -PERSON4 will join a bit later, because he's on a data meeting.
 -PERSON8 and PERSON9 discusseded how to label the workers in a way that it's obvious when someone changes the worker to a different version and how to test different versions of ASR in different pipelines.
 -PERSON5, PERSON8 and PERSON9 will run a series of tests on ASR workers and empty workers on the later tester.
  They will do an investigation in the enclou library.
 -PERSON4 has mentioned that they should start working on that as soon as possible.
 -PERSON9, PERSON3 and PERSON8 want to make a feature request to the mediator at the beginning of the next year.
  They need to specify the description fields on the workers and their versions.
  They also need to work on how to identify different versions of the workers PERSON9, PERSON8, PERSON5 and PERSON4 will meet in a couple of days to discussed how to solve the issue of multiple fingerprints.
 -PERSON9, PERSON4 and PERSON8 discussed how to manage the pipe on the client side.
 -PERSON9 suggests to the client that they should investigate the version that might work without modifying any backands.
 -PERSON4 wants to make two versions of ASR for different versions of them.
  They can request multiple inputs to the client.
  If the fingerprint matching is strict, the sound will be processed with one ASR and translated to French.
  If it's not strict and the client's request is satisfied, the input will also be pricedessed with another ASR.
 -PERSON9 is trying to work out how to separate the different versions of workers and how to keep a record of what exact versions of the workers were used.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON9 are looking for a programatically-run evaluation of the inputs in PROJECT2 test set.
  They want to label the outputs with a service name.
  There is no way to do that at the moment, because service are interchangeable and from the client side PERSON4, PERSON9 and PERSON5 discusseded the implementation of the Neural Version 2 protocol.
  They will schedule a test together next week.
 -PERSON9, PERSON5, PERSON3 and PERSON8 will make a hands on session and make a simulation together to simulate the use case in order to design an intermediate solution.


Minuted by: Team ABC