DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON1 is not in the office from April 23rd to May 2nd of May.
 -PERSON12 is taking a notem in her callendars.
 -PERSON12 wants to share some of the information he has with PERSON6.
  They have already posted the news item on the PROJECT1 website, and they are also putting together a videom on that session.
 -PERSON6 has some pictures of the empty booth and a wiring detailed plan PERSON12 and PERSON2 need to prepare a detailed description of the setting for both the workshop and the ORGANIZATION8 Congress, which takes place in a year from now.
  They want to know about the set upm of the main presentation, and the plenary conferences PERSON12 and PERSON6 need to prepare a detailed description of the audio mixer and video mixer for the call for tenders.
  They need to specify them audio mixer that needs need to be available and how what kind of output way have to provide to the input of the booth.
 -PERSON6, PERSON10, PERSON12 and PERSON2 will meet in the booth of interpreters.
  There will be a digital microphone connected to the audio mixer.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON12 will record the audio from the main microphone of the plenary session and from the interpreters' booths as well as for each of the languages.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON12 are trying to figure out what language should be spoken at the mainm stage microphone.
  They need to know what language is being spoken there.
 -PERSON12 and PERSON9 are worried about the quality of interpreters at the conference.
  They are afraid that the interpreters may not be able to work in more languages.
  The company uses own wireless transmitters and they own receiver with channels.
  The company will be contacted in two months from now.
  The company will describe in detail how they will do it and how much they should pay for that solution.
  Organization 6 will choose the best possible companym and only then will Organization 6 can talk to the company directly.
  People 9 and PERSON12, PERSON6 and PERSON9 will work with Dantem sound card.
  They need to send the signal from the sound card to the ORGANIZATION4 platform by Friday at the latest.
 -PERSON12, PERSON2 and PERSON6 want to move on to using Dante instead of other options.
 -PERSON12, PERSON2, PERSON6 and PERSON9 will use the same network for audio and for the communication to the mediator as for the other devices.
  They need to have one notebook per language and two internet cards per notebook.
 -PERSON12 will redraw the drawing so that one more notebook is needed to collect all the audio.
 -PERSON6 explains to PERSON12 how to set up a multilingual translation engine.
  Every input language has its own ehm session with the mediator.
  The director decides which of the ASR's should be published to the customer.
 -PERSON12, PERSON4 and PERSON6 will work on a proposal to be shared between them in order to prepare the presentation platforms for the workshop in 80 days.
 -PERSON9, PERSON12 and PERSON6 are asking the sound mixing company for the direct output from the main microphone, direct microphone output from each of the interpreters booths and for the booth microphones they demand that they are clearly labelled.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON12 are arguing about the layout of interpreters' booths.
  There will be more microphones at the main stage than just one.
  There are many microphones in front of one speaker.
  There is only one channel per language.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON12 will attend the call for tenders.
  They will demand onem channel direct microphone output from any number of microphones from the main stage and one direct microphone from each of the translation booths for English, Czech and German.
 -PERSON12 and PERSON2 need a different presentation platform for June.
  They need to present the participants with the slides, and with the subtitles of their choicem on in a web based interfacem on a wired connection.
  The presentation platform is similar to the one at the PERSON12 wants to know by mid week or on Friday at the latest what digital audio should be specified in the documentation.
 -PERSON2 wants to specify the microphones on the stage.
 -PERSON6 wants to copy the specification of the microphones that are needed.
 -PERSON12 wants a specification for the wire microphones at both for the main stage and for the black booth at the stand of the speaker.
  She also wants a contact form from the organiser who will handle the presentation platform.
 -PERSON12 wants to create a webm web based presentation for the Organization8 congress.
  The presentation platform needs to have the same capacity as the ORGANIZATION1 lectured translator.
  It should be able to connect to the mediator and observe whatever channels it whatever language is there PERSON12 needs someone to develop the video mixer.
  The notebook that is used to steal slides as presented and stream them to the network serves as the web server that anybody can connect to engage the streaming from.
  The video grabber needs to do both the video grabbing and the streaming.
 -PERSON12 and PERSON2 have a problem with mixing English subtitles under slides.
 -PERSON12 has a simple set up with Mplayer embedded Mplayers.
 -PERSON12, PERSON9 and PERSON7 will co-operate on the implementation of the project for Italian.
  The project is based on ORGANIZATION5 speech recognition and it's their own ASR.
 -PERSON12 will send the code for the python connectorm to the public PROJECT1 web and pass it to PERSON7.
 -PERSON12 will produce a videomixing thing and they will synchronize on this very soon.
  There will be only one English channel for June.
  All notebooks need to be connected to the same hardware network over ethernet.


Minuted by: Team ABC