DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON13 wants to record Kickoff meeting.
  date is fifteenth of January , it is Tuesday.
 -Person13 is undecided whether meet in person with ORGANIZATION15 company has developed solution for automatic PERSON13 suggests to organize meeting with ORGANIZATION15 to discuss to partition space, reduce competition aspect of space between models created, ones Organization 6 develops.
 -PERSON13 will put logos of partners on website, send them to rest of organization as soon as sign Grant agreements.
  deadline for signing is 30th of March.
 -PERSON2 , Organization 13, Organization 10 anxious signing Grant agreement.
  Organization 13 has successfully participated in one project.
  Organization 10, Organization 13 need to double check forms A, B valid.
 -PERSON13 wants Grant agreement, Consortium agreement to signed by everyone tonight.
  Consortium agreement is top of document, is intended for commenting.
  Organizing 3 is preparing bilateral contact contract between them, consortium.
  official status of ORGANIZATION3 as affiliated entity is not legaly appropriate.
  access rights for partially participating entities in Consortium agreement have changed.
  Organization 3 will have royalty-free access to results of project.
 -PERSON13 , PERSON11 , PERSON10 , PERSON7, PERSON13 discussing changes to Consortium agreement.
  going to sign document, send it to Project Ethics Committee.
 -PERSON13 asks Organization 5 to look for candidates outside of project to help them.
  Organization 5 has changes related to dissemination of results.
  access rights for partially participating parties in project as follows :.
  Access rights for internal research, educational issues shall granted for Subject to separate written agreement, royalty free access to results of project project lifetime, There will paperwork associated with ORGANIZATION3 getting results.
  do not have forms for agreement prepared yet , will prepare it later on as project runs.
  There will bilateral agreements between Organisations3, contributing parties from project PERSON13 is happy with progress of browsing.
  There items on agenda, not to critical anymore.
 -PERSON13 wants to have Consortium agreement signed by everyone.
 -PERSON5 wants to test subtitling technology Students Firms Fair PERSON13 wants to know what tool kit Organization 5 uses for speech recognition.
  KIT tool kit , it is not good for online speech translation.
  Organization 3 is planning workshop in year one will take place on premises of Organization PERSON13 asked PERSON10 if could create calendar for PROJECT1 events in general, enter details.
  organiser of ORGANIZATION7 Congress will take place end of May, early June in 2020.
  There will There will five booths, five interpreters running time for plenary session.
 -People get slides translated in advance to able to browse them if everything else fails.
  Organizing3 wants to have fallback solutions , quality of translation has PERSON5 wants Organization 15 to take care of file format conversion for them.
  Organization 15 also wants to try Congress , of days could covered by ORGANIZATION15 technology, by PROJECT1 technology.
  There booth for PRO.


Minuted by: Team ABC