DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 is trying to record meeting.
  wants to share screen with PERSON7.
  There lot of files in meeting folder.
  have to decide when speak Git, repositories.
 -PERSON7 wants to exclude big files from development of repository , time he wants to include everything possible.
 -PERSON2 asked to create repository for storing data set , minuting , PROJECT1 minuting data set.
  can not public repository , data is not issues to discussed.
  There issues with rest of almost three months since end of June.
  There supposed to conference in Barcelona year , Spain is facing second wave , it is held online.
  There record number of submissions year.
 -PERSON7 , PERSON8, PERSON3 have PERSON6 is working on morphology project on one of projects.
  She is also busy with reviewing linguistic papers for PERSON4, organizing annotators.
  One of papers got rejected from TLSN, trying to reformat it, send it somewhere else.
  She PERSON3 , PERSON7 , PERSON8, PERSON6 going to do review of papers.
 -PERSON8 will share papers with them.
 -PERSON6 wants to know if dates.
 -Person7 tells to leave them as.


Minuted by: Team ABC