DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 and PERSON7 discusseded how to organise the files in the meeting folder.
  They want to exclude the big files and include the recordings.
 -PERSON2 asked PERSON7 to create a repository for storing the data set, the minuting, PROJECT1 minuting data set.
  There are issues with the rest of the work like how is it going to proceed? It's been almost three months since end of June.
  There was supposed to be a conference in Barcelona this year, but Spain is facing the second wave, so it's being held online.
  There are a record number of submissions this year.
  Two of the papers were rejected this month.
 -PERSON8 wants to do a systematic literature review, but is overwhelmed with the number of papers that are already there and needs to focus on specific aspects of the research.


Minuted by: Team ABC