DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 is trying to record a meeting.
  He wants to share the screen with PERSON7.
  There are a lot of files in the meeting folder.
  They have to decide when they speak about Git and other repositories.
 -PERSON7 wants to exclude the big files from the development of the repository, but at the same time he wants to include everything possible.
 -PERSON2 asked to create a repository for storing the data set, the minuting, PROJECT1 minuting data set.
  It cannot be a public repository, because the data is not only so there are some issues to discusseded about this.
  There are issues with the rest of the It's been almost three months since end of June.
  There was supposed to be a conference in Barcelona this year, but Spain is facing the second wave, so it's being held online.
  There are a record number of submissions this year.
 -PERSON7, PERSON8 and PERSON3 have PERSON6 worked on a morphology project on one of her projects.
  She is also busy with reviewing some linguistic papers for PERSON4 and organizing the annotators.
  One of her papers got rejected from TLSN and they are trying to reformat it and send it somewhere else.
  She PERSON3, PERSON7, PERSON8 and PERSON6 will do a review of the papers.
 -PERSON8 will share the papers with them.
 -PERSON6 wants to know if there are any dates.
 -PERSON7 tells her to leave them as they are.


Minuted by: Team ABC