DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : 


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON13 wants to know why the recognition quality of the recording was badly recognised and it was also slow yesterday.
  The recording from yesterday was recorded in English, non native and in the PROJECT16.
  The files were too big to be uploaded to PROJECT3.
  They asks PERSON16 to collect the text data for the domain adaptation.
 -PERSON14 is collecting the text files for the dominetration.
 -PERSON4 is trying to set up PROJECT4, but it is better if people who have experience do it now.
 -PERSON13 and PERSON16 explain to him that there is a clear distinction between the PROJECT13 Archive, which are the interviews with the survivors of World War II of of of the Holocaust, some conferences about that, historical evidence, the recordings, and then the historical papers and presentations PERSON13 asks PERSON6 to look at the PROJECT2 environment in the PRO Project7 paper and explain in two cases, German to English and English to German what is probably happening according to the description in the paper and what should be happening to give more time to the system.
 -PERSON15 can't help with revising the paper, because he doesn't have access to the reviews.
  The reviews are in the organiser's leaf.
  The PROJECT14 quality is bad for all, remotely handled sessions and especially if people are wearing face masks.
  They are busy with data preparation of the ORGANIZATION5 corpus.
 -PERSON13 is interested in learning how to automate, x Windows and, and or perhaps windows that can be done also with Windows.
 -PERSON7 will get in touch with PERSON8 and ask him to process all the files that PERSON8 has for English, training data and a paper on the study.
  They are writing a tool that will allow an operator to define the, the part, of the pipeline and how they are connected.
  They are writing an evaluation launcher that would run the pipeline through the PROJECT12 test set.
  Next Friday there will be a conference about PROJECT13 PERSON13 wants PERSON15 and PERSON18 to prepare very simple instructions that the participants could follow.
  They want to collect feedback from the participants on the twenty fifth of January.
 -PERSON13 wants PERSON3, PERSON11 and PERSON16 to prepare a summary of the PROJECT14 and PROJECT1 systems, so that the next week same time, they can present the summary to the seminar.
  They want PERSON16 to include the shortening PROJECT1, English to Czech, in the evaluations of the PROJECT12 test set.
 -PERSON8 worked on the chopped, training method.
  The idea is that, for English, and for other languages, she aligns the training data that they have with the recordings.
  She creates new recordings from the existing recordings and then, using, external, text resources, she PERSON13 wants to be paid from the PROJECT5 tool, but he doesn't know how much he should be paid.
 -PERSON13 wants to talk to PERSON6 and PERSON2 about the PROJECT7.
  They proposes a solution to the problem of translation from German into English.
  They will write the paper as if they are doing the calculations already.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON6 will look for an example in the alignment files.
 -PERSON6, PERSON13 and PROJECT2 discusseded the evaluation of text to speech conversion.
 -PERSON13 is confused by the numbers in the description.
  She thinks the description is excessively detailed and confusing.
  They and PERSON6 are arguing about the formula for Ein, Tshirt and the end times of the words.
 -PERSON2 confirms that it is based on the characters and not on the words.
 -PERSON13 wants to make a simple calculation based only on the C segment and the number of characters, but there is another type of calculation which is only based on C, but they didn't mention it on the paper.
  They will add acc, my PROJECT3 account to the PROJECT12 test set.
  They might not be available in January to the first of February.
 -PERSON16 and PERSON7 need to integrate profanity filtering.


Minuted by: Team ABC