DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON3 redone some of the embedding color maps which according to the Glove, articles should show the bands.
  He also redone the training with different parameters and skipgram seems to show much clearer bands than seebow.
  They will check approving, the correct version is on his computer in the other room.
 -PERSON6 and PERSON7 spent half an hour in LOCATION2 having lunch.
 -PERSON3, PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON5 went over some parts of the text and added some, some comments and to does and so on.
 -PERSON3 would like to evaluate the embeddings somehow.
 -PERSON1 wants to add a new subsection with visualisations.
  They will add a visualisation this weekend.
 -PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON3 discussed LSTM and RNN terminology.
 -PERSON6 will check the original paper to see if it's accurate.
 -PERSON7 thinks it's fine that in the output layer they find neurons that correlate well with some word boundaries.
  They thinks it would be better to discussed the grammatical correctness of the text directly in the section.
  There is a section on negation in the book which is a bit weird to PERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON3.
  They agree to remove it from the book.
 -PERSON1 read the rest of the chapture and added some comments.
 -PERSON7 wants to know if it's too late to read the second half and add some comments this week.
  They and PERSON6 discussed some of the mistakes in the paper they read.
 -PERSON1, PERSON6, PERSON3 and PERSON7 discusseded PERSON5's chapture.
 -PERSON5 needs to have dense in an ORGANIZATION5 paper.
  The deadline for the book is not clear and the rules of the grant are not clear, so it's PERSON3, PERSON6 and PERSON1 want to write a book together.
 -PERSON7, PERSON6, PERSON3, PERSON5 and PERSON2 are writing a book.
  They are supposed to send it to the reviewers next week, but they probably won't.
  There are some comments in some of the chaptures concerning improvements in the text.
  There is PERSON6 and PERSON5 want to remove the dedication motto they have right now and the competition is to advance something better.
 -PERSON7 wants to have an introductory chapture to the book.
 -PERSON3 is copying some ideas for a motto to the PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON7 will meet on the 28th at 11 a.
  to discussed the paper and the revieweres.
  The paper about mul, multilingual PROJECT2 has 8 citations on ORGANIZATION2 Scholar and the PERSON7's paper got some citations before being published.
  People are interested in it and cited it, so maybe it should be accepted for PROJECT4.


Minuted by: Team ABC