DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : 


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON9, PERSON4 going to meet today.
 -PERSON7 is not going to able to come he is moving to Canada.
 -PERSON4, PERSON9 working on online document.
  need to do annotation type level, second round for many of words , annotators have indicated , it depends on context.
  have to get in touch with PERSON7 PERSON10 explains to PERSON9, PERSON4 procedure for removing named entities from document.
 -PERSON4 does not understand difference between word type, word token level.
  is worried if PERSON7 is not available , he will have to do bulk processing of documents, insertion of annotations into Xml.
 -PERSON4, PERSON10 discuss quality of document working on.
  There lot of typos, errors.
  Most of text is not named entity.
  program does not include words beginning from cPROJECT4tal.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4 discuss coreferencing , co-ordinating of chains , including , identity of , individual speakers.
 -PERSON9 will have session with PERSON4 with data.
  She needs to read regulations, decide what deidentified.
 -PERSON4 , PERSON10, PERSON9 discussing collection of data.
 -PERSON14 is waiting for PERSON4 to finish.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4 agree on timeline for annotation, deidentification of data.
  also agree on consent forms.
  There two stages of content forms.
  first is working with data, second is publishing.
 -PERSON10 wants to focus on second form , consent to publish data , complimented with samples.
 -PERSON4 wants to skip first form for purpose of release of corpus.
 -PERSON10 , PERSON4, PERSON9 discuss to prepare prerelease of corpus.
  agree to collect names of participants from minutes of meeting, prepare master sheet.
 -PERSON9, PERSON10 working on project.
  need to deidentify participants , verify identity, check consents.
  have sample document , one meeting two meetings , put it online beginning of February PERSON9 wants to have data deidentification from participants by end of February, consent from end by first week of March.
 -PERSON10 wants data ready for them to browse by mid February.
  need to do coding of Xml PERSON9 forwarded to PERSON4 email template would sending to prospective members of mock.
 -Person4 is unsure if invite of them to Scientific Committee , half of them master students.
 -PERSON9, PERSON10 working on project.
  need to divide people into Scientific Committee, send them invitations to participate.
  have to submit proposal within January 7th 8th.
 -PERSON10 will in call as has not seen answer yet.
  She will come to ORGANIZATION4 Thursday.
  going to ask experienced people from 2006 event as key note speakers for summarization.
 -PERSON4 wants PERSON10, PERSON9 to send three prepared letters to candidates.
  wants them to cooperate with him from financial point of view.


Minuted by: Team ABC