DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : 


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON9 and PERSON4 will a meeting today.
 -PERSON10 was about to join them, but he was caught in a call.
 -PERSON13 might not be joining them, because he's moving to Canada.
 -PERSON4 will have to finish the annotation herself, because the annotator has stopped.
  The annotation was done at the type level and the second round for many of the words depends on the context.
 -PERSON4, PERSON10 and PERSON9 are looking for the agenda for the Virtual Coffee.
  The agenda is in the master document.
 -PERSON10 sends a link with an example of the annotation process.
  It is not complete, but it illustrates that the process is documented to the finest level.
  They would like the name of the document to be more descriptive.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON10 need to have the full collection of documents with all named entities replaced by place holders.
  They need to proceed at the two levels, first at the word type level and then the word token level.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 worked on a project.
  They want to have the annotation of the documents, but they don't know if PERSON7 will be available to do it.
  They explains to PERSON4 that creating a list is easy.
  There are a lot of typos in the list and most of the output is not a named entity.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON10 worked on World War II documents.
  There are some problems with the edition of new documents, multi-word NEs, preservation and now well, including, the identity of the individual speakers.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 agree to ignore the identity or tracing of the identity of the speakers.
 -PERSON9 will have a session with PERSON4 with the data.
 -PERSON14 started working on deidentification from the beginning of January.
  She has to decide what should be anonymised and if the names of languages should be deleted.
 -PERSON4, PERSON10 and PERSON9 agree that they should align the transcript with the minutes.
  They should also remove personal data from the data set.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 agree on a timeline for the deidentification.
  They need to discussed the consent forms with PERSON14.
  They and PERSON4 need to create two consent forms: one for working with the data and one for publishing it.
  They need to give all participants of all meetings the consent forms at the same time.
  The consent forms are not perfect and they are signed by less than 30 PERSON10 proposes to focus on the second form which is the consent to publish the data.
  The first form is on the content to process the data and deidentify it with the goal of publication.
  Everyone should have access to the full dataset.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON9 will prepare the data set fully deidentified as a directory with documents which people could browse.
  They will send everyone the consent form and send them a link to the meta data.
  The meta data is the names of participants from the meeting minutes.
 -PERSON4, PERSON9 and PERSON10 discusseded how to improve the meeting minutes.
 -PERSON9 asks PERSON10 to prepare a sample document, one meeting or two meetings at most, so that they can put it online for prospective participants of the task at the beginning of February.
 -PERSON10 wants to have the data deidentification from the participants by the end of February and the consent from their end by the first week of March.
  They want the coding of the Xml and the remover of the text from the document to be done by the end of February or by the mid of February at the latest.
  They forwarded the email template with the names of the PhD students to PERSON4 and PERSON10.
 -PERSON9 will prepare the text for an email to the prospective members of the Scientific Committee.
  They didn't get a reply from PERSON10 in December.
  They forwarded the document with the C, F, P text to PERSON10.
 -PERSON10 added column F in the ORGANIZATION9sheet.
 -PERSON9 is now in the program Committee.
 -PERSON4 will PERSON10 wants to submit the proposal within the January 7th or 8th.
  They will put the names of the people on the list of people to contact.
 -PERSON10 wants at least fifteen people to participate in a Scientific Committee.
  They have a question before the call.
  They and PERSON4 will take part in the call only as she hasn't answered yet.
  They are also going to ask the experienced people from the 2006 ORGANIZATION8 corpus as the key note speakers for summarization.
 -PERSON4 will come to ORGANIZATION4 at Thursday.
  He will write to PERSON14 and PERSON7.
  He wants PERSON10 to send the three prepared letters to his candidates.
  They and PERSON10 will meet in English this afternoon.


Minuted by: Team ABC