DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : 


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON7 is not going to be able to come because he is moving to Canada.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON9 worked on an online document.
  They need to do the annotation at the type level and the second round for many of the words, the annotators should have indicated, that it depends on the context.
  They have to get in touch with PERSON7 PERSON10 explains to PERSON9 and PERSON4 the procedure for removing named entities from a document.
 -PERSON4 doesn't understand the difference between a word type and a word token level.
  He is worried that if PERSON7 is not available, he will have to do the bulk processing of documents and the insertion of the annotations into the Xml.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON10 discussed the quality of the document they worked on.
  There are a lot of typos and errors.
  Most of the text is not a named entity.
  The program does not include all the words beginning from cPROJECT4tal.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 discussed coreferencing, co-ordinating of chains, including, the identity of, the individual speakers.
 -PERSON9 will have a session with PERSON4 with the data.
  She needs to read the regulations and decide what should be deidentified.
 -PERSON4, PERSON10 and PERSON9 discusseded the collection of data.
 -PERSON14 is waiting for PERSON4 to finish.
 -PERSON10 and PERSON4 agree on a timeline for the annotation and deidentification of the data.
  They also agree on the consent forms.
  There are two stages of the content forms.
  The first is about working with the data and the second is about publishing.
 -PERSON10 wants to focus on the second form, consent to publish the data, which should be complimented with samples.
 -PERSON4 wants to skip the first form for the purpose of the release of the corpus.
 -PERSON10, PERSON4 and PERSON9 discussed how to prepare a prerelease of the corpus.
  They agree to collect the names of the participants from the minutes of the meeting and prepare a master sheet.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON10 worked on a project.
  They need to deidentify the participants, verify their identity and check their consents.
  They should have a sample document, one meeting or two meetings at most, and then they should put it online at the beginning of February PERSON9 wants to have the data deidentification from the participants by the end of February and the consent from their end by the first week of March.
 -PERSON10 wants the data ready for them to browse by mid February.
  They need to do the coding of the Xml PERSON9 forwarded to PERSON4 the email template that they would be sending to the prospective members of the mock.
 -PERSON4 is unsure if they should invite all of them to the Scientific Committee, because more or half of them are master's students.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON10 worked on a project.
  They need to divide the people into a Scientific Committee and send them invitations to participate.
  They have to submit the proposal within the January 7th or 8th.
 -PERSON10 will be in the call only as she hasn't seen her answer yet.
  She will come to ORGANIZATION4 at Thursday.
  They will ask the experienced people from the 2006 event as the key note speakers for summarization.
 -PERSON4 wants PERSON10 and PERSON9 to send three prepared letters to his candidates.
  He wants them to cooperate with him from the financial point of view.


Minuted by: Team ABC