DATE : 2023-05-01
ATTENDEES : PERSON11, PERSON14, PERSON16, PERSON17, PERSON19, PERSON2, PERSON4, PERSON6, PERSON8


SUMMARY
- PERSON19 is starting to run the experiments that PERSON11 told him about.
- They are to complete the GPU test and to know which version of PROJECT2 really works and it trains on floating point.
- PERSON11 is waiting for the input from the from ORGANIZATION3.
- He promised to give it by Thursday.
- PERSON11 needs to finish the executive summary and one comment from PERSON3 on PERSON3's paper.
- PERSON17 wants to redo the multi-source experiments on PERSON11 and PERSON19 are going to have a separate call tomorrow at 3 PM to talk about experiments with multi-source text.
- PERSON17 will send a link to the ORGANIZATION4 calendar.
- PERSON9 is leaving and will probably be late for the call.
- He will finish the language model checking of ASR outputs.
- Once this is done, it will be integrated on PERSON5 and PERSON8.
- PERSON17 wants to make sure the profanity filtering is integrated and tested well.
- He wants to explain to PERSON4 how to do it himself.
- PERSON4 couldn't install the local copy on his laptop because of restrictions.
- He can download the files on the e ORGANIZATION2 machines, using PROJECT3 or something else, or he can also use PROJECT10.
- The profanity filtering should be employed twice on each PERSON8 will have a call with PERSON9 later today.
- PERSON14 will pass over to others the PROJECT5 Czech ASR and Profanity Filtering.
- PERSON9 has already started preparing for the upcoming Monday seminar, which is going to be given by an Italian guy, famous one, the author of PROJECT6.
- He will talk about verb frames and domain adaptation.
- On Monday we will hear the Italian English and the Japanese English.
- PERSON14 is working on a technical solution for the multi-speaker English.
- The current idea is that he will create new sentences by words that were spoken in other sentences and he will do this across different speakers.
- This will improve the ASR system.
- PERSON9 will be leaving the team.
- The system needs users and the more diverse users, the better, because it will be robust to the different conditions of the users.
- Yesterday, the pipeline had to be started by PERSON9 and PERSON5, but they failed, so the system PERSON5 was trying to run a worker which was not running in the mediator.
- When the worker started running, the fingerprint was still the same, but the worker didn't work.
- PERSON16, PERSON5, PERSON16 and PERSON8 need to set up a call with PERSON5 to discuss how to make the configuration cleaner.
- PERSON6 wants to remove some of the scripts that are confusing for new people.
- PERSON15's rainbow worker was better in speed, but was not better in scores.
- PERSON16, PERSON6 and PERSON17 are discussing the performance of their model.
- The model is slow, because it was trained using tensor to tensor instead of tensor.
- As a fallback solution, they will use PROJECT2 as a worker on their side PERSON8 is going to look into the technical issues with PROJECT2.
- PERSON17 wants to discuss them at the devel at ORGANIZATION2 mailing list.
- When working with PROJECT2, PERSON16 had several path conflicts.
- PERSON15 sent them scripts with absolute paths on their systems and they need to replace them with their own paths.
- PERSON6 is working on the shortening and extending models.
- He's running out of storage quota on Mala Strana.
- He needs to ask for more.
- PERSON6 wants to know how much space there is available on Troja.
- ORGANIZATION97 takes 50 gigabytes of data per language model.
- ORGANIZATION2 takes 50.
- PERSON12 would like to have a call with PERSON17 tomorrow at 2 pm.
- PERSON17 will be on the call.
- There is an Indian student in Saarbr√ºcken interested in joining the group.
- The deadline for applying for PhD is at the end of the year.
- PERSON17 is trying to send the ORGANIZATION4 invite for tomorrow at 2 pm.
- PERSON8 was isolated in the hospital because of the Covid and they were insistent on having him and letting him go home.
- PERSON4 is having a call with PERSON4 at 2 PERSON8 will have a call with PERSON2 later to discuss how to automatically generate ASR from the index file and how to record the results.
- PERSON8 will have a call with PERSON2 and PERSON17 next week on Monday or Tuesday.
- They need to make sure they have the important people available for important sessions.
- PERSON17 is looking for someone who can work on the non-native accent thing.
- PERSON9 is already starting the data collection, but would like to see the benefit of domain adaptation in the PROJECT5 set up.
- PERSON17 wants to know if the toolkit is getting the words into the domain-adapted model.
- PERSON9 has already tried it once and it worked well.
- PERSON8 will probably need the transcript of one of the Monday meetings to confirm it works.
- PERSON17, PERSON14 and PERSON6 are working on a paper on how to develop a fully neural ASR.
- PERSON6 proposes to scrape ORGANIZATION5 and even automatic.
- PERSON17 and PERSON14 agree, but they don't have the human capacity to do that.
- They need colleagues who are in touch with someone such as PERSON14 to help them.
- PERSON14, PERSON8 and PERSON6 are looking for a way to train a neural network to train sentiment analysis.
- PERSON17 sends them a link.
- PERSON17, PERSON8 and PERSON6 are working on a speech recognition system.
- The setting is slightly different from the competitions and also the yeah.
- It's more like sentiment inconsistency rather than bad sentiment.
- If a bad word is said, it's not shown on the subt PERSON17 would like to supervise a student.
- PERSON6 has some students at ORGANIZATION6 who might be interested, but they don't have any bachelor students yet.
- PERSON14 can't do it, because they haven't agreed on the bachelor's thesis.
- PERSON8 PERSON8's visa is approved and she'll probably be in Prague in January.


Minuted by: Team Synapse