DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON4, PERSON5 meeting to discuss presentation platform for congress in end of May.
 -PERSON5 will make two phone calls, will back in five minutes.
 -PERSON4, PERSON5 discussing design of presentation platform.
 -PERSON4 proposes to add history in black box for subtitles to make them scrollable, mobile friendly.
 -PERSON5, PERSON4 discuss organization presentation platform.
  discuss history style would like to present presentation in.
 -PERSON4, PERSON5 discuss design of ORGANIZATION5 website.
 -PERSON5 wants to know text flow organized in text messages.
 -PERSON4 does not have anyone works on ruby code anymore.
 -PERSON5 is not satisfied with quality of PSWV application.
 -PERSON4 is going to review everything, send it to PERSON5.
 -PERSON4, PERSON5 planning presentation for ASR Organization 2.
  There will slides , will also videos.
  organizers actively working slides , trying to introduce video-less presentation.
 -PERSON4 is project leader in PERSON5 wants to know if it is possible to have language , twice in different versions of ASR , people would able to choose one want to see with delay.
 -PERSON4 explains it is not possible , many different.


Minuted by: Team ABC