DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON4 and PERSON5 are having a meeting to discussed the presentation platform for the congress in the end of May.
 -PERSON5 will make two phone calls and will be back in five minutes.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON5 discusseded the design of the presentation platform.
 -PERSON4 proposes to add the history in the black box for subtitles to make them scrollable and more mobile friendly.
 -PERSON5 and PERSON4 discussed the organization's presentation platform.
  They discussed the history style they would like to present the presentation in.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON5 discussed the design of the ORGANIZATION5 website.
 -PERSON5 wants to know how the text flow should be organized in the text messages.
 -PERSON4 doesn't have anyone who works on ruby code anymore.
 -PERSON5 is not satisfied with the quality of the PSWV application.
 -PERSON4 will review everything and send it to PERSON5.
 -PERSON4 and PERSON5 are planning a presentation for ASR Organization 2.
  There will be slides, but they will be also videos.
  The organizers are actively working against slides, so they are trying to introduce a video-less presentation.
 -PERSON4 is the project leader in PERSON5 wants to know if it is possible to have the same language, twice in different versions of the ASR, so that people would be able to choose which one they want to see with the delay.
 -PERSON4 explains that it is not possible, because there are many different.


Minuted by: Team ABC