DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON11, PERSON3, PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- PERSON6 will do the submission for the start project this week.
- The left speaker is to the right of the right speaker, so the sound will go in the wrong direction.
- The connection is good, but it will be a problem if they don't have good microphones in LOCATION4.
- The deadline for the submission was set for today.
- PERSON6, PERSON9, PERSON7 and PERSON5 are going to write an official email to PERSON5 about their project PROJECT12.
- They want to have a book, publish a book and send him a table of contents.
- They will also send him the book's conclusion, conclusions and conclusion of chapter six.
- PERSON6 will send the book to PERSON5 at the end of this week.
- After they improve it, they will start discussing with PERSON5 what to do with the reviewers and who will be the reviewers.
- There is a callish calling deadline on July the first.
- Nobody is planning to submit anything.
- PERSON6, PERSON9 and PERSON11 will have a meeting on the thirteenth before the ORGANIZATION5 beer.
- They will send some papers to the Black box.
- If the papers are not accepted, they will send them to PROJECT4.
- PERSON6 sends a document "PROJECT2 schuzky".
- It's a calen, set calendar for July.
- There will be regular meetings on Tuesdays.
- The next two Tuesdays there will be meetings at 11.
- The first week of July there is no meeting.
- The second week is from 6th to 10th July.
- The third week is not on the third of July.
- All other threes are meetings.
- PERSON6, PERSON3, PERSON9, PERSON11 and PERSON7 are going to meet in the middle of June to set a new deadline for the book.
- They need to finish the writing before the end of June and have the book in good shape by July.
- They also need to stop adding new content, stop adding comments to others' content and have all comments at rest.
- PERSON6 wants to submit the book officially at the end of July.
- The first deadline is June 30th.
- The project could be postponed for six months.
- The money from the project could still be used for some conferences in the first half of 2021.
- It is possible to postpone the deadlines for six more months.
- PERSON6, PERSON7, PERSON9 and PERSON10 have to finish the book this year.
- They have to spend all the money.
- The deadline is June 30th.
- The next meeting is July thirteenth.
- PERSON6 is still working on the attention, attention metrices and different patterns.
- PERSON6 and PERSON7 noticed that the balustrades in PERSON9 are not as sharp as in LOCATION2.
- PERSON6 is trying to explain this difference in a text.
- PERSON3 thinks it's due to the concentration of the distribution of the heat maps.
- PERSON6 spent a lot of time working on a chapter last week and still didn't finish it.
- He needs to revise the first part of the chapter five and add some new content to it.
- The section about self-attentions and the categorization is almost done but needs to be rewritten.
- The syntactic specific functions in attention heads will be written by PERSON3.
- PERSON6's book is one hundred and thirty pages long.
- PERSON11 has written a few paragraphs in the last week.
- He will focus on visualisations of embeddings in the new generative language models instead of writing about the history of the language.
- PERSON11 and PENPERSON6 are writing a book.
- They discuss the content of the book and how to improve it.
- They agree that some of the content is almost there, but some of it needs work.
- They will discuss it in ORGANIZATION7.
- PERSON9 restructured the section so that it's more readable.
- He needs to change the introduction and the title of the section.
- He also needs to talk about the main contents of the chapter at the beginning or at the end of each section.
- PERSON9 reorganizes the information that's already there.
- It's structured according to the individual papers.
- The syntax section is now called "Semantics".
- The section on noun gender is called "Lexical semantics".
- It's possible that PERSON9 is still missing some papers which also look at some semantic stuff.
- PERSON7 and PERSON9 think splitting text semantics into multiple smaller subsections is safer.
- PERSON6 and PERSON3 think it's better to keep it as a separate subsection.
- PERSON9 will re-split the text semantics section to make it safer for reading.
- PERSON9 has covered the typic problem for the abstractions that people look for.
- Now he wants to cover the effect of pre-training task, re-training for language modelling, multilinguality, and the paper that they submitted to the conference.
- PERSON9, PERSON7 and PERSON6 submitted a paper on PROJECT4.
- They want to report on it somewhere.
- They will ask PERSON5 to organize the information from the PROJECT12 paper into a chapter and copy it for the introduction of the chapter.
- PERSON6, PERSON9 and PERSON3 are going to do a survey on neural networks.
- They want to send it to PROJECT6 on Thursday.
- It's a comparison of different papers on the task of predicting part of speech, type.
- The survey visualisation for that can be downloaded and shared.
- PERSON3, PERSON6 and PENPERSON7 are discussing the differences between machine translation and human translation.
- They want to make a visualisation of the results of their research.
- They will talk to PERSON6 about the layers and make sure that all the visualisations look similar.
- PERSON6 and PERSON7 need to generate PGFG images in the same format as Tix and PFG.
- They need to do it in two weeks.
- They are going to discuss it during the week and discuss it with PERSON6 and PERSON9.


Minuted by: Team Synapse