DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4


SUMMARY
- PERSON12 wants to invite PERSON1 to join his project PROJECT4.
- The deadline for PROJECT5 is next Monday, June 15th.
- Someone from the project needs to be registred there.
- Participation expected as default.
- Participation fee is 5000 other2.
- PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON12 and PERSON1 are going to a conference tomorrow.
- The conference costs 10000 and there is a conference dinner and a trip to the seaside.
- There is also a conference lunch, which was covered last year.
- They will meet on Monday morning before lunchtime.
- PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON1 are going to meet in the afternoon today to talk about the project.
- They need to write a project 3 paper for the vision deadline on July 1st.
- They also need three papers on big confe, conferences or type D for PROJECT7.
- PERSON4 started writing yesterday but has only written one paragraph and half of a chapter.
- PERSON3 is working on structure.
- PERSON11 is half way through a chapture and will write the other half of it soon.
- PERSON12 suggests that the LOCATION1 paper could go to Archive and PROJECT3.
- PERSON3, PERSON11, PERSON12 and PERSON1 are going to write a preface to the book about different attention head types in, in transformers like in PROJECT5, PROJECT8 and on.
- PERSON1 wants to change the color of the preface.
- PERSON3, PERSON1 and PERSON12 will work on the attentions.
- PERSON11 will show more examples from PROJECT5 and PROJECT8 to PERSON12.
- PERSON4 will send something by the end of the week and will let them know when it's ready.
- PERSON12 wants to have the book finished by the end of June but the deadline has been postponed to the middle of August.
- The deadline is after the notification of PROJECT1.
- The grant will be 5000 for PROJECT2 only and the deadline for PROJECT7 is after notification of PROJECT1.
- PERSON12, PERSON11 and PERSON3 are going to a conference in November.
- The conference is virtualised.
- The LOCATION7 is next year.
- The deadline for the book submission is June 15th.
- There will be an option to participate remotely.
- If it's fysicall, it will be nice.
- PERSON12, PERSON3 and PERSON1 are going to a conference.
- There is no special overview track but it will not be included in the proceedings.
- They want to buy some equipement for PROJECT7, but it's not possible.
- They will get some of the money from the survey.
- PERSON1, PERSON12 and PERSON3 are trying to figure out how to get more money for the grant for this year.
- They are also trying to find out if they can introduce a new person to the grant.
- BONUSES are not paid right now because of the corona crises.
- PERSON3, PERSON12, PERSON11, PERSON7, and PERSON10 are going to the official event in LOCATION3.
- They need money to pay for PROJECT1 and for black boxes.
- They will know how much money they have in September and what they will use it for.
- PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON4 are going to eat some food and end the meeting so they don't have to wait for someone to let them in and maybe they won't be let in, so they can leave the meeting.


Minuted by: Team Synapse