DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4


SUMMARY
- PERSON12 wants to invite PERSON1 to join PROJECT4 project, because he is working on a survey about getting sim cards.
- The deadline for PROJECT5 is next Monday, June 15th.
- Someone from the project needs to be registered in LOCATION2.
- PERSON12, PERSON3 and PERSON4 are going to a conference in LOCATION2 this September.
- They need someone to register and pay for the conference.
- They will set up a meeting between them and PERSON12 to discuss the registration process.
- They are also going to pay for a conference lunch.
- PERSON3 has one more meeting today at 1 p.m. and has a call at 4 p.M. tomorrow.
- PERSON12 is going with PERSON11 to LOCATION4 tomorrow.
- PERSON4 is going to dovolen√° tomorrow and has holiday tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
- On Monday, after lunch, PERSON3, PERSON12 and PERSON4 will go to the meeting with PERSON5.
- PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON1 are going to meet in the afternoon today to discuss the project.
- They need to write a project 3 paper, vision deadline July 1st.
- PERSON1 should have a section in the book, so he could talk about it.
- PERSON12 promised PROJECT7, PROJECT2 and PROJECT3 three conference papers on big confe, conferences or type D. The deadline for PRO PROJECT7 is July.
- The LOCATION1 paper could go to Archive and PRO PROJECT3 so that someone can read it.
- PERSON4 started writing yesterday but has only written one paragraph and half of a chapter.
- PERSON3 is working on structure of the chapter in section six or chapture six.
- He wants to merge together and restructure some information and add some more to the chapter.
- PERSON11 will write a preface to the book for the notable models.
- He will use the first half of the chapture and the second half of what you copy there and delete half of it.
- PERSON3 doesn't care about notable models, he doesn't have to care about it.
- PERSON1, PERSON12 and PERSON3 will read on the text and comment on it.
- The text is about different attention head types in, in transformers like in PROJECT5, PROJECT8 and on.
- PERSON12 will change the color of the text to make the lines visible.
- PERSON1 is going to write in his survey.
- PERSON12 and PERSON1 will work with PERSON3 on the attention head section.
- They will work on the other sections with PERSON1.
- PERSON11 will give them feedback on what they need to work on.
- They are moving forward from the past weeks.
- PERSON4 will send something to PERSON11 by the end of the week.
- PERSON12 wants to regenerate and show more examples from PROJECT5 and PROJECT8.
- They are in the book.
- The deadline is postponed.
- They need to get the reviewers.
- PERSON12 wants to send a survey to PROJECT7.
- The university will have more money on this grant because they had like 40, 50000 on conferences and they will spend 5000 for PROJECT2 only.
- It's only if you want to go to LOCATION5 that the survey can be sent to PROJECT3.
- The deadline for the PROJECT1 is after the notification of the project.
- The conference should be in November.
- LOCATION7 will be there in 2021.
- The location for LOCATION5 might be virtualised as well.
- The LOCATION 7 is next year.
- PERSON1 will submite the location for PROJECT7.
- PERSON4, PERSON3 and PERSON12 are going to a conference.
- There will be an option to participate remotely.
- The abstract submission is on Monday, June 15th.
- There is one more week for weekend.
- The conference is only for three papers at most.
- The overview track is not included in the proceedings.
- PERSON1 and PERSON12 want to apply for a survey.
- They want to buy some equipment for PROJECT7, but it's not possible.
- They will get half of the salary and half the salary of the person getting the Ph.D. from the project.
- PERSON12 and PERSON3 are worried about the money they get from the university for this year.
- They don't know how the money will be distributed next year.
- BONUSES cannot be paid right now because of the corona crises, so they can't pay bonuses.
- PERSON12 will go through the papers and see what is allowed in ORGANIZATION1 and what is not.
- The only transfering money is from one or from some travelling or travelling to salaries.
- It was not allowed to buy some computers or this things before, but now it's allowed.
- PERSON13 cluster is not able to accomodate more other people, so PERSON7 bought a laptop from ORGANIZATION4.
- The deadline for PROJECT1 notification is at the beginning of August, and the deadline for the black box notification is around September.
- The money left in September will be used for printing the books and for the official event.
- PERSON3, PERSON11, PERSON7, and PERSON10 will come to the meeting.
- If they are not let in, they will have to deal with PR person.
- There will be some food, so they can end the meeting if they don't have to.


Minuted by: Team Synapse