DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON13 is busy with IW SLT , writeup , interviewing people to replace moving forward, preparing demo for Project Officer.
 -PERSON6 work on Czech ASR , input in PROJECT3 deliverable of for punctuator PERSON13 will update German, English transcripts for English videos.
 -PERSON7 has split video between English, Czech , English part reliable , Czech part has done simply by using ends.
  There is serious mismatch between files PERSON13 wants PERSON6 to check quality of audio files for German, English PROJECT1.
  She also wants to know timing of testing sessions.
 -PERSON13 wants to know if have substitute site for of systems for Thursday Project3 call.
 -PERSON6 has already created backup of systems.
 -PERSON13 suggests Organization 2 to run PROJECT1 models , Organization 1 to run Project2 models, Organization PERSON13, PERSON19 have working on evaluation of PROJECT1, ASR submissions for IWSLT last week.
  have problem with calculating bleu score.
 -PERSON13 , PERSON18, PERSON19 arguing use of space tokeniser, enverse segmenter in IWSLT.
 -PERSON13 does not have source code for enverse segmenter.
 -PERSON18 informs him is paper with code for it , is source code.
 -Person13 needs to implement it in first level of work.
 -Person19 advises him to PERSON13 wants PERSON19 to write new assignment on to handle tokenisation in SLTF.
 -PERSON13 , PERSON18 , PERSON6, PERSON13 going to meet internal deadline on 8th.
 -PERSON18 has found tool can measure speech rate by cutting syllables , one can detect gender of speaker, characteristics , PERSON13 , PERSON6 , PERSON18, PERSON5 have to prepare 15-minute presentation for IWSLT by June 17th.
 -PERSON13 wants to demo task in IWSLT.
  wants to record 2 minutes of 3-minute video from Czech into English, languages, 1 minute of one of Antrecorp videos.
 -PERSON13 will send PERSON19 file with ASR quality.
 -PERSON10 has playing with PROJECT2 server.
 -PERSON13 would like to have set-up does not rely on mediator.
  She would like features of PROJECT2 server , TCP server , log files to have word level time stamps for real time recording.
 -PERSON3 collected Georgian , Icelandic , Serbian , Croatian , Danish, Norwegian text data, sent them to PERSON1 for validation.
 -PERSON3 has asked PERSON16 if has annotators.
 -PERSON3 has already shared list of annotators with Organization 5.
  Organization 5 wants to merge files for validations, create new tester directory.


Minuted by: Team ABC