DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON10, PERSON15 and PERSON17 are on a conference call.
  The call is being recorded for the purposes of their minuting.
  The agenda for today's conference is in the ORGANIZATION11 document.
  There is a technical call for the second dry run in LOCATION PERSON10 is trying to prepare materials for the remote review on October 23rd.
  The meeting is on Friday, 11th at 10 LOCATION3 time.
  The materials are financial status, the status on dissemination and the overall progress report.
  Organisations 10 and 2 need to make sure they PERSON16 is not sure where the rest of ORGANIZATION2 is in terms of project management.
  Organization2 is responsible for the dissemination and communication activities.
  Organized2 has a deadline in 2 days from now to present the results of the presentation.
 -PERSON10 added a column all last week.
  There are 23 sections to the progress report.
  They will be submitting it at the end of October 8th.
  They want to collect the materials for the meetproject review.
 -PERSON19 is responsible for preparing the slides for the remote review that will take place in 2, 3 or 3 weeks.
  There is one milestone that was due yesterday, but PERSON10 didn't take it off.
  The milestone says initial ASR systems should be available to the consortium, but there are no further details about it in the description of PERSON10 will take the milestone off today.
  The set of languages covered is sufficient for a successful run for the ORGANIZATION1 Congress.
  The company on production has three rooms.
  The first one translates to English, the second one to German and the third one to Polish.
  There is a problem with the client integration.
  The company promises to fix it, but it's not in the state it should be in.
 -PERSON10 PERSON10 would like to get one and probably two Linux-based devices for the call.
  They will do a demo after the call and decide if to kick it off.
 -PERSON17 needs to chase people who need to contribute to the work package.
  There is a section on what to do with the IWSLT test sets.
 -PERSON10 wants to repackage the English Czech text translation task to make it clear that it was started by request of PROJECT4 and it fits the project's set up.
  The internal draft should be ready by mid October and the finished draft by the end of October.
  The PERSON10 will write down the internal deadline mid October to accomplish internal review safely.
 -PERSON2 will probably be the other one.
 -PERSON10, PERSON15, PERSON11 and PERSON19 will run a Tedx on the fringe of Tedx.
  It's mid November, but still involves travel and set up.
  Neither PERSON22 nor PERSON2 are available, so they have to rely on Italian ASR PERSON19, PERSON11 and PERSON10 will the IWSLT in Seattle in July.
  There will be an evaluation week at the end of May or beginning of June.
  There is a potential collision between the ORGANIZATION1 Congress and the PROJECT3 PERSON10, PERSON6 and PERSON19 will Hong Kong at the end of October.
  They need to prepare a package for the Organization1 Congress.
 -PERSON10, PERSON8 and PERSON16 are on a conference call.
  They discusseded the deadlines in the few days from now, the dissemination and the and the publications and any edits for the progress report.


Minuted by: Team ABC