Meeting 27. 7. 2020:
Attendance:
    [PERSON5], [PERSON4], [PERSON15]
GH Issue on Tokenization, ours?
[URL]
probably not related to Outbound translation - so it's not our problem
Outbound translation integration (30 July)
    should be taken care of by [ORGANIZATION1] (are they working on it?)
review notes:
    [URL]
    as a part of integration, some experiments might be required to be run in the integrated environment
    user interface:
        showing user paraphrase/translation alignments when mouse-over a SRC word
            [PERSON15] will look into it (how much work it would take)
            In discussion with [PERSON1], as he wants something similar to his service: interactive alignment. [PERSON15] 
    [ORGANIZATION2] zero-shot as a paraphrasing?
        can they optimize the models? (we should push them to them)
        who is going to monitor their progress?
    reviewers are happy with progress
        integration is good
        interesting dissemination
        deliverables are fine so far
    future recommendations:
        improve evaluation (mainly QE, â€¦)
        more collab (with [ORGANIZATION2] on multilingual/domain adapt)
        domain adaptation of WP3
            medical forms, other forms?
            still thinking about it
        increase the amount of eval. data to get solid conclusions
            e.g. 72 examples is not enough
