DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON10, PERSON4, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- PERSON9 and PERSON10 were supposed to have a meeting with the annotator, but he stopped responding to their messages.
- They are worried about it.
- PERSON4, PERSON9 and PERSON10 are discussing the annotation process for the Coffee Meetings.
- They need to collect, annotate and de-annotate documents.
- PERSON4 made a copy of his document not to delete the lists.
- PERSON10 would like the name to be more descriptive for someone.
- They need to have the full collection of documents with all named entities replaced by place holders.
- The process of the named entity removal has to be PERSON10 explains to PERSON4 that creating a list is easy, but there are problems with the quality of the list.
- PERSON10 and PERSON4 agree to ignore tracing of the identity of the projects and speakers.
- PERSON10 wants to de-identify the corpus, but she doesn't know how to do it.
- She will have a session with PERSON4 with the data.
- PERSON10 is waiting for PERSON14 to finish her work on the PROJECT1 data.
- ORGANIZATION6 doesn't go through this at all.
- PERSON4 and PERSON14 need to discuss the de-identification and the consent forms.
- PERSON10 and PERSON4 are discussing the consent forms for the data collection.
- They agree to skip the first form and focus on the second one.
- PERSON10 and PERSON4 are discussing how to sort out the meta data from the meeting minutes.
- They agree to collect the names of participants from the minutes and send them to the annotators.
- PERSON9 and PERSON10 are discussing the timeline for the de-identification of participants.
- They want to have the data ready for them by the end of February and the consent from their end by the first week of March.
- PERSON10 will put a comment to point six and seven in the agenda document.
- PERSON9 will send the email template that we would be sending to the members of the Scientific Committee.
- PERSON9 is responsible for editing the document with the C, F, P. They need to submit the proposal within the January 7th or 8th.
- PERSON10, PERSON9 and PERSON4 are going to ask the experts from the 2006 event as the key note speakers for the summary of the proposal.
- They will send it to ORGANIZATION7 on January 15th.
- PERSON10 and PERSON4 are going to meet this afternoon to discuss a financial issue.


Minuted by: Team Synapse