DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON14, PERSON16, and PERSON6 worked on a project for VAT wide group, which is in the end of June.
  They need 2 texttotext clients, a repository with sample clients, the C sample code, and the tests.
  There is no PERSON14 wants PERSON2 and PERSON3 to create a Python client and Python libraries for them.
 -PERSON6 doesn't have access to the Python repository on GitHub.
 -PERSON16 suggests a commandline example how to use the search button.
  The mediator is installed on the server which is under VPN connection.
  The logs from workers which run on some servers can't be accessed, because they are distributed and the logs have to be provided by ORGANIZATION3.
  The ASR workers are under a specific firewall rules.
 -PERSON6 explains to PERSON14 and PERSON15 what the segmentation workers do and how they work.
 -PERSON12 is not sure if they will be able to train subsentencelevel systems in time.
 -PERSON6 is busy preparing for the demo at ORGANIZATION3.
 -PERSON14 and PERSON7 worked on an integration of PROJECT3 e MT or PRO Project3 server to the ORIZATION8 platform.
  They have systems that do translation into German, English PERSON11 will link the GitHub page to their, em, MT worker systems.
 -PERSON14 will prepare a graphical user interface to connect the sources into MT or mediators, or to choose the stream sources for, the transcription output.
 -PERSON14, PERSON16 and PERSON6 will prepare a Web application and a commandline application to show subtitles as they are going on.
  The event is on the last weekend of June, 28th until the 30th of June.
  There is a meeting of maybe 15 PERSON7 is a bit worried that they might not be able to make a decision too early.


Minuted by: Team ABC