DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON14 , PERSON16, PERSON6 discussing components have to deploy for VAT wide group , is in end of June.
  need 2 texttotext clients , example of to connect, integrate with service architecture , PERSON6 wants to integrate C C library into Python.
 -PERSON14 wants to create Python binding for them.
 -PERSON2 does not have access to Python cruise control.
 -PERSON16 will probably not ready for June session.
  searcher will explain full path several workers , one worker.
  logs from workers run on servers have to provided by Organization 3.
  mediator is PERSON16 wants to schedule coordinated test among participants in order to check altogether logs, have access to logs together.
 -PERSON6 wants to given access to server to check logs online.
  For June event , need to run 2 ASR PERSON6 explains to PERSON14, PERSON15 segmentation works in English to Czech MT.
 -PERSON12 is not sure if will able to train subsentencelevel systems in time.
 -PERSON6 , PERSON14, PERSON16 planning demo Organization 3.
  want to keep as much of capacities as possible , need to integrate PROJECT3 e MT server to ORGANIZATION8 platform.
 -PERSON14 does not have system does translation into of ORGANIZATION7 languages.
 -Person12 has system for English to French , German to Italian , Spanish , Portuguese.
 -Person6 has systems into German , English , Italian , French , Spanish, Portuguese , PERSON4 will link GitHub page to MT worker systems.
 -PERSON11 will prepare graphical user interface for presentation platform.
 -PERSON16 , PERSON5 , PERSON14, PERSON6 working on presentation for event on last weekend of June , 28th until 30th of June.
  presentation streamed using HLS protocol.
  need to prepare Web application, commandline PERSON14 , PERSON12, PERSON7 going to get data related to domain will discusseded workshop from TAUS.
  will use data for MT test sets.


Minuted by: Team ABC