DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON14 , PERSON16, PERSON6 discussing components have to deploy for VAT wide group , is in end of June.
  There is option to connect to mediator in Python.
 -People use PERSON14 wants to move C version of Dot.
  NET from sample to production, continue in C version.
  would like to integrate C C library into Python , do not have Python programmers.
 -PERSON2 wants PERSON6 to create Python client, Python libraries for them, share them with them.
 -PERSON14 is stronger with Python C , ca not promise anything on.
 -PERSON3 wants everyone in Organization 3 to make sure have access to cruise control PERSON1 wants to know to check fingerprint functionality on admin web.
 -Person16 explains to Person14 to do it.
 -Person14 asks for commandline example of to use search button , it is not ready for June session , Person16 will PERSON16 wants to distribute logs from workers to everyone , it is not possible moment , mediator is installed on server is VPN connection.
  sale servis on log is not available , it is VPN , logs PERSON14 wants to have access to conference ASR workers to check logs online.
  idea is not on plan , it might useful in future.
 -Person6 wants to know if he can get access to server to check logs online as well.
  For June event , will 2 ASR workers , 1 English source, 1 English repeater , student will repeat everything speaker will say.
  segmentation workers , punctuation, segmentation for English , German, Czech ASR is performed on subs PERSON6 explains to PERSON14, PERSON12 sentence segmentation works.
  organization will not able to run display website for event , ORGANIZATION3 has important demo.
 -PERSON14 , PERSON11, PERSON6 planning demo Organizing3.
  need to hack it way.
 -PERSON16 is available to perform installation of punctuation, segmentation worker on server, to provide it as test worker on PERSON14 will train system does translation into of Organization 7 languages.
 -PERSON14 , PERSON2 , PERSON6 have MT systems into German , English , Italian , French , Spanish , Portuguese.
  have directions within least 5 languages.
  will using PROJECT3 server , em , maybe wrapper around PRO Project3 server PERSON4 will link GitHub page to MT worker systems.
 -PERSON11 will prepare graphical user interface to select stream sources for , transcription output.
 -PERSON8 promised to do video grabbing, streaming , in addition to global subtitles for main screen.
  platform must jump on available session if restart EB client.
  script to put browser window to screen with presentation prepared.
 -PERSON16 thinks when it is webbased , ASR adaptation based on documents provided by participants will work well.
  event is on on last weekend of June , 28th until 30th of June.
  There is meeting of maybe 15 members of ORGAN PERSON14 , PERSON12 , PERSON7 , PERSON8, PERSON4 going to get data related to domain will discusseded workshop from TAUS.
  will use it for finetuning, for MT test sets.
 -PERSON16 , 7, 14 will call next Friday 10 AM.


Minuted by: Team ABC