[PROJECT4] Internal
Date: 19. 10. 2020
Attendees: [PERSON3], [PERSON6], [PERSON8],[PERSON7],[PERSON11],[PERSON12]
Purpose of meeting: [PROJECT4] agenda and sub-tasks progress check: [PROJECT7], [ORGANIZATION1], [PROJECT1], [PROJECT2], [PROJECT3] [PROJECT5] paraphrasing 

-[PERSON11]'s remarks.
-- Summary of [PROJECT7] discussion from last week.
--- People working on [ORGANIZATION1] are very active and [PROJECT4] could help a lot.
---- Everybody should try to advance the project as much as possible. 
--- It is important that the system agrees with what the [PROJECT7] will be collecting.
-- [PROJECT3].
--- confusion has to be prevented with the [PROJECT3] being part of the (outbound) translation.
--- it must be made sure that [PROJECT5] has the additional features with the [PROJECT7] that are needed for the handling of [PROJECT3].

- General agenda.
-- Everybody was invited to the global [PROJECT4] Slack.
-- Everybody should keep updated on what happens there. 

- [PROJECT1] progress check.
-- Will be stopping today because of the outage. 
-- There are 1800 segments, more are needed and expected.
-- [PERSON6] has started working on the paper, but it needs to get a more original sense.
-- [PERSON3] is working on the environment for human evaluation of the translations and is leaving the log processing of [PROJECT1] to [PERSON6].
-- [PERSON3] contacted [PERSON5] to inform the annotators about a new campaign.
-- [PERSON6] contacted other partners that they can contribute to the paper.
-- [PERSON3] informs about the second stage of [PROJECT1], that it functions to find out what the quality of the produced translations is.
-- Outage will be handled with a note that will say that the system is unavailable. 
-- [PERSON3] and [PERSON6] must agree on whether the annotating stages can overlap. 

- [PROJECT2] progress check.
-- Not much progress. 
-- [PERSON3] is training systems and then will visualize the learning curves. 
-- [PERSON3] needs to align the mode of translation with the [PROJECT7] side, too. 
--[PERSON7] will provide addotional help on [PROJECT2].

- [PROJECT3] progress check.
-- [PERSON8] has acquired some intial results with implementing splits suggested by [PERSON3]. 
--- The blue scores do not follow the presumed pattern.
-- The word-alignment was not impemented yet.
-- [PERSON8] did not look into [PROJECT5] yet.
--[PERSON7] and [PERSON8] will discuss the results tomorrow.

- [PROJECT5] paraphrasing.
-- The paraphrasing system from [PROJECT1] needs to be integrated into [PROJECT5].
--- [PERSON3] will ask [PERSON10] for initial help, as he has implemented it in [PROJECT6]. 
-- [PERSON12] checked already existing impementation and it is not usable. 
-- Logically, the implementation of paraphrasing is not complicated, but it will be technically.
--[PERSON12] will update on this later on. 
-- [PERSON8] and [PERSON7] are offering help. 

