DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON10, PERSON5, PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 and PERSON7 will use the rolling ORGANIZATION2 link for all their meetings.
  The link is the same link you can find in the same meeting invite.
 -PERSON7 and PERSON6 have problems with ORGANIZATION2 meet.
  It's not working for them and they have to pay for it beginning next month or so.
  They are not sure if organization 2 is a good option for their coffee m coffee meetings.
  They sends the audio file or video file via FileSender to the annotator and asks him or her to correct the data.
  The annotator listens to the audio and corrects PERSON6 and PERSON3 created the agenda for the PROJECT1 minutes.
  The original minutes were created by PERSON6 or PERSON3 before the meeting and partially extended during the meetings, or sometimes after the meeting.
  There are some drawbacks of the original minutes, because they do not contain PERSON7 tries to get original minutes from the minu meeting organisers.
  The minutes are very short and contain just one line of text.
 -PERSON6 proposes that annotators should send the data themselves via GateHub.
 -PERSON7 is not sure how it should be organised.
 -PERSON2, PERSON7 and PERSON6 had a meeting.
  They decided not to include GeteHub in the team.
 -PERSON2 wants PERSON7 to upload the minute correct, so this is actually a list work for them.
 -PERSON PERSON2, PERSON7 and PERSON6 agree that they should not do the team for the moment.
  They should focus on the manual evaluation.
 -PERSON6 and PERSON7 will use alignment in evaluation.
  They have to submit the proposal within the first week of November.
 -PERSON7 doesn't know whether the manual evaluation measure should be part of the shared task or not.
  There are many automatic measures for summarisation but none of them works well.
 -PERSON2 proposed a protocol for human evaluation in nature language generation.
 -PERSON6, PERSON2 and PERSON7 will use human evaluation instead of alignment based manual evaluation for their energy task.
  They will also do some research on this and come up with some beautiful matrix.
 -PERSON6 is worried about the proposal for variant B.
 -PERSON7 wants to discussed the format of the basic sample trial and the data format.
 -PERSON2 explains the data format to PERSON7.
  They and PERSON7 will centralize the data storage from Sorbow to GateHub repository.
  They need to prepare a list with their annotators' full names and their annot01, annot02, annot03 and put them in the ehm folders.
 -PERSON PERSON7 needs to change all the names of the annotators before pushing to Gatehub.
 -PERSON2 and PERSON7 will meet today in person to discussed the issue further.
  They are worried about the team that he's proposing and wants to discussed it in person with PERSON6 and PERSON7.
 -PERSON6 is available tomorrow morning, but PERSON7 is already at home.
  They and PERSON2 want to discussed some issues with PERSON6, but they need to do it with PERSON7 first.


Minuted by: Team ABC