Date: November 4th, 2020
Attendees: [PERSON18], [PERSON25], [PERSON26], [PERSON17], [PERSON16], [PERSON10], [PERSON11], [PERSON9], [PERSON12], [PERSON22], [PERSON15], [PERSON1]
Purpose of meeting: [PROJECT2] Remote Meeting

-Introduction, warning regarding recording of the meeting.
--New updated procedure will be followed.
--After anonymization, people will be asked for consent again.

-Covid extension application closed.
--It was submitted.

-All reported costs were approved.
--Money will be distributed to the individual sites.
--People should be patient, as there are some changes in UK financial department.

-New dissemination table was set up.
--All the activities should be reported.

-Finding reviewers for all the deliverables.
--They need final training data, separating confidential and public version.
--[PERSON11] from [ORGANIZATION4] will write what training data there are for ASR.
--There are three internal groups now at [ORGANIZATION11] for training data, the effort will be put together.

-[ORGANIZATION1] data.
--[PERSON15] is working on ESIC Europal simultaneous interpretation.

-Minuting data.
--There are a lot of them, but they will not be ready till the end of the year.
--November 30th there is the deadline for the shared task proposal submission.
--Deadline will be March.
--Reviewer will be [ORGANIZATION8].

-There should be an intermediate report on multilingual machine translation.
--[PERSON15] is overseeing it.
--[ORGANIZATION4] with [PERSON7] will be engaged.
--Reviewer will be [ORGANIZATION8] (with 2 question marks).
--[PERSON23] from [ORGANIZATION2] can be also asked, but the situation with [ORGANIZATION2] is a bit difficult.

-Intermediate report on integration.
--Responsibility of [ORGANIZATION10].
--The main contributor is [ORGANIZATION8].
--Meeting is planned.

-First draft of the text should be in December.
--Internal deadline is December 6th.

-There are two important milestones.
--One of them is improved ASR systems, [ORGANIZATION4] is successful with the English ASR.
---Extension to other languages should be done asap.
-- Next is to improve spoken language translation prototype.
---Two new colleagues will be engaged.
---Meetings with current members + new members should be organized.
---Roles and responsibilities of new members were described

-Plans for cross-side collaboration.

-Brief description on minuting task progress.
--Brief overview on minuting team.

-Minuting demonstrator.
--User interface is being prepared.
--Separate meeting will be organized.
--Experienced annotators could join the meeting and do the online summarization.

-[ORGANIZATION3] Congress is not going to happen in May.
--Substitute events are needed- Metaforum.

-Reminder to sign the consents.

-Introducing "old" members to "new members".
--Specifying the work of one new member.


Minutes submitted by [ANNOTATOR1]











