DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  recording of session will done for purposes of project.
  agreement signed by partners, funding party , ORGANIZATION1 commission , contains detail description of work , work packages , deliverables, milestones , timing , budgets consortium agreement is signed by partners , not funding party.
  deadline for ground agreements is December 18th , I expect to happen several weeks deadline.
 -PERSON5 has read draft of consortium agreement draft.
  has not seen anything controversial in it , he has not got feedback from legal people , have to approve it it would signed.
  administrative person on holiday till last week , PERSON3 confirms will formal procedures in place site in two weeks.
  There will bilateral agreement between ORIZATION3, ORGANIZATION2.
  If sign it , will entitled to use technologies developed for PERSON3 will make sure legal people talk to ORGANIZATION2 legal people, agree on agreement.
  has to signed end of year , project starts.
  If Organization 2 is signing agreement , it will mentioned in PERSON3 , PERSON6, PERSON3 going to make bilateral agreement.
  If it is bilateral agreement , it signed week tomorrow.
  agreement clear, unambiguous.
 -PERSON3 wants Organization 3, Organization 2 to make sure legal people talk to, agree in week from to sign CA to go for bilateral agreements.
 -PERSON3 , PERSON5, Organization7 GmbH going document.
  going to discuss issues related to whether Organization2 is signing not , agenda for form meetings , timings , specified time minutes , etc.
 -PERSON3 will try to keep formal meetings to minimum.
  There will regular meetings least year remotely , with formal agenda sent beforehand.
 -People will have to agree on content first.
  There is simple majority majority of deals to thirds , depending Project Coordination Committee is responsible for various things related to project.
  have single assistant , will send invitations,.
  user, advisory board will have meetings with them least year, will present project to outside entities.
 -PERSON3 would like to make sure headto-head competition is in scientific terms, not in personal terms.
 -PERSON5 is confused role of ORGANIZATION6 in advisory board.
 -PERSON3 wants to forget idea of giving results of project to ORGANIZATION6, keep real enthusiasts as advisory guards.
 -PERSON3 is looking for people interested in running multilingual meetings.
  PROJECT3 data protection officer will come to full position beginning of November.
  assistant of mine is willing to learn things , has little experience.
  Project Ethics Committee will have least half of members from outside project.
 -PERSON3 is looking for someone with experience in ethics, data collection, handling human participants to validate procedures.
 -PERSON3 needs everyone to fill in background sections of template.
  According to PERSON5 , is right to access background unless it is identified.
 -PERSON3 will open consortium agreement worked well in past.
  Organized 4 will provide background for PROJECT project.
  Organization 4 brought in various corpora to project for free.
  Every partner needs to specify what bringing into project.
  Everyone send background descriptions for project to PERSON3.
  There two options regarding access rights to results for internal research activities.
 -PERSON3 is going to ask legal people if have opinion on.
  law regulates access rights to software , separating rights to source from access to service software provides.
  There is nondisclosure information, non-disclosure PERSON3 , mediator , PERSON5 , lawyer , going to accept suggestions, remove option two as suggested.
  If anyone has concerns , talk to legal people it.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5 agree 45-day deadline for applying for software patent is unenforceable.
 -PERSON3 , PERSON5 , PERSON8, PERSON7 going to organize Kickoff.
  need background information from every partner by end of week.
  will send doto polls soon, book dates.
 -Person7 will write e-mail to meeting productive.
 -People talk to legal people consortium agreement.


Minuted by: Team ABC