DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The recording of the session will be done for the purposes of the project.
  The agreement signed by all the partners and the funding party, the ORGANIZATION1 commission, contains the detail description of work, the work packages, deliverables and milestones, the timing, and the budgets The consortium agreement is signed by all the partners, but not the funding party.
  The deadline for the ground agreements is December 18th, but I expect this to happen several weeks before this deadline.
 -PERSON5 has read the draft of the consortium agreement draft.
  He hasn't seen anything controversial in it, but he hasn't got any feedback from the legal people, who have to approve it before it would be signed.
  The administrative person was on holiday till last week, she's PERSON3 confirms that there will be no formal procedures in place at each site in about two weeks.
  There will be a bilateral agreement between the ORIZATION3 and ORGANIZATION2.
  If they sign it, they will be entitled to use the technologies developed here for the PERSON3 will make sure that their legal people talk to ORGANIZATION2 legal people and they agree on the agreement.
  It has to be signed before the end of the year, before the project starts.
  If Organization 2 is signing the agreement, it will be mentioned in the PERSON3, PERSON6 and PERSON3 will make a bilateral agreement.
  If it's the bilateral agreement, it should be signed this week or tomorrow.
  The agreement should be clear and unambiguous.
 -PERSON3 wants Organization 3 and Organization 2 to make sure their legal people talk to each other and agree in a week from now to sign CA or to go for bilateral a a agreements.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5 and Organization7 GmbH are going through the document.
  They will discussed some issues related to whether the Organization2 is signing or not, the agenda for the form meetings, the timings, the specified time minutes, etc.
  They will try to keep the formal meetings to their minimum.
  There will be regular meetings at least once a year remotely, but with the formal agenda sent beforehand.
  People will have to agree on the content first.
  There is a simple majority or majority of deals to thirds, depending The Project Coordination Committee is responsible for the various things related to the project.
  They have a single assistant, who will send invitations and all this.
  The user and advisory board will have their meetings with them at least once a year and they will present the project to the outside entities.
 -PERSON3 would like to make sure that this headto-head competition is only in the scientific terms and not in personal terms.
 -PERSON5 is confused about the role of ORGANIZATION6 in the advisory board.
  They want to forget about the idea of giving the results of the project to ORGANIZATION6 and keep the real enthusiasts as the advisory guards.
  They are looking for people who are interested in running multilingual meetings.
  The PROJECT3 data protection officer will come to full position at the beginning of November.
  The assistant of mine is willing to learn things, but she has little experience.
  The Project Ethics Committee will have at least half of its members from outside the project.
 -PERSON3 is looking for someone with experience in ethics and data collection and handling human participants to validate all the procedures.
  They needs everyone to fill in the background sections of the template.
  According to PERSON5, there is no right to access the background unless it is identified.
  They will open the consortium agreement that worked very well in the past.
  Organized 4 will provide the background for the PROJECT project.
  Organization 4 brought in various corpora to the project for free.
  Every partner needs to specify what they are bringing into the project.
  Everyone should send their background descriptions for the project to PERSON3.
  There are two options regarding access rights to results for internal research activities.
 -PERSON3 will ask the legal people if they have any opinion on this.
  The law regulates the access rights to software, separating the rights to the source from the access to the service that the software provides.
  There is a nondisclosure information and a non-disclosure PERSON3, the mediator, and PERSON5, the lawyer, will accept the suggestions and remove option two as suggested.
  If anyone has concerns, they should talk to their legal people about it.
 -PERSON3 and PERSON5 agree that the 45-day deadline for applying for a software patent is unenforceable.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON8 and PERSON7 will organize the Kickoff.
  They need the background information from every partner by the end of the week.
  They will send the doto polls soon and book the dates.
 -PERSON7 will write an e-mail to The meeting was productive.
  People should talk to their legal people about the consortium agreement.


Minuted by: Team ABC