DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON1 , PERSON13 , PERSON11 , PERSON9 , PERSON5 , PERSON14, PERSON17 in conferencing room.
  waiting for someone from ORGANIZATION4 to join them.
 -PERSON17 will share screen in second.
  session is recorded for purposes of minuting work package.
  There will pre review meeting between September 23, October 4th.
  project officer wants to see deliverables, financial data.
  There is workshop There mistake in dates.
  Thursday is full day session, Friday is morning.
  There is match language processing workshop as part of summit.
  mostly working , components still missing.
  invitations to present PROJECT3 as running project PERSON17 , PERSON1 , PERSON2 , PERSON3 , PERSON4 , PERSON5, PERSON18 going to attend summit.
  need one person to work.
  Alfa ORGANIZATION5 , big data value association , trains people to work with big data PERSON17 , PERSON12 , PERSON13 , PERSON11, PERSON14 going to attend language processing workshop in Riga.
 -PERSON7 created doodle for review meetings.
  recording worked fine , timestamps not precise enough to reconstruct session.
 -Person11 has trained source, target languages.
 -Person14 has miltilingual system covers PERSON17, PERSON5 working on system for translation.
 -PERSON17 wants PERSON5 to involved in development of system.
 -Person5 wants to share data, models he trained with PERSON17.
 -Person17 wants to have student as summer intern to PERSON17 is not satisfied with scrolling.
  Organization 5 is working on user interface.
 -Person14, Person12 working on ASR.
 -Person17 needs to cover French , Spanish , Italian, Russian as well as English , French, Spanish.
 -PERSON5 is responsible for three sections for session on Czech ASR.
  need to ready by end of next week.
  deliverables for internal review starts in mid June, reviewers listed in deliverable sheets.
  periodic activity, financial report is delivered in PROJECT4 system.
  deliverable D 8 is missplaced, needs to moved to around month 18 for mid project review.
  will ready for prereview meeting in September.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON7 , PERSON9, PERSON13 want to make amendment end of June.
  need to make sure relevant data for work package mentioned in document.
 -PERSON13 wants every work package leader to create project data management plan.
 -PERSON17 , work package leader , is explaining to participants what need to do in order to prepare data for project.
 -PERSON17, PERSON12 will meet in less two weeks for workshop.


Minuted by: Team ABC