DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON1 , PERSON13 , PERSON11 , PERSON9 , PERSON14 , PERSON17, PERSON17 trying to talk on chat.
 -People ca not hear them , can see transcription in English.
  One of developers wants to participate today PERSON17 is trying to set account to connect to room account , does not know to do it.
  session is recorded for purposes of minuting work package if do not agree , need to say.
  There will pre review meeting between September 23, October 4th.
  There will remote meeting with project officer on call.
 -PERSON17, PERSON7 working hard preparing financial data for workshop for ORGANIZATION1.
  There mistake in dates, workshop is taking place on Thursday, Friday instead of Wednesday, Thursday.
 -PERSON17 is happy with progress of project.
  reminds technical partners to work on fingerprints map.
 -PERSON17 would like to present PROJECT3 as running project big data value Association summit in Riga.
  There is match language processing workshop as part of summit , program of workshop is still in preparation.
  There several invitations to present project European Commission regularly talks to various lobbistic organizations.
  If part of discussedions , partly shaping calls.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON12 , PERSON13, PERSON11 going to attend language processing workshop on topic of big data.
 -PERSON17 is organizing workshop in Riga.
  Organizer 13 will talk to Organization 5 on whether someone from Organization 4 will come to workshop.
  Organization 7 created doodle for review meetings.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON5 , PERSON11, PERSON14 working on project.
  recording is ready , spoken language translation prototype is not.
 -Person11 has miltilingual system covers languages source, target languages , it does not perform PERSON17 wants to work on evolution of model.
 -PERSON5 wants to do fine tuning.
  want to share data using, models 've trained.
 -PERSON17 wants to hire student as summer intern to work on project.
  project is in good shape , still issues with user interface.
 -PERSON17 worked on czech ASR time, by end of September much better state.
  German , English , French , Spanish, Russian covered.
 -PERSON17 wants to know if need to cover French , Spanish , Italian, Russian as well as ASR, machine translation quality.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON5 , PERSON13 , PERSON8 working on training data separating confidential, public version.
  will have it ready for internal review by end of next week.
  periodic activity, financial report is deliveral number D eight point one.
  delivered in PROJECT4 system , it frozen.
  deliverable will moved to around month 18 for mid project review.
 -PERSON17 wants to collect data gathered for project officer for September prereview meeting.
  If do not get approval from European Commission , will have to collect data summer.
 -PERSON13, PERSON7 copied template from official website to prepare confidential data management plan for PROJECT1.
 -PERSON17 asks work package leaders to make sure relevant data for work packages mentioned in one way another in document 1.
  There is difference between data has already collected, processed, ones will processed later.
 -PERSON13, PERSON17 responsible for deliverable.
  want every work package leader to specify what types of data need, will get it.
  do not want to create much data.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON1 , PERSON14 , PERSON7 , PERSON9, PERSON12 working on project.
  have agreement from organiser , deliverable on ethics , data will needed for prereview, estimated number of people working on PERSON17 , PERSON5 , PERSON9, PERSON12 going to attend workshop in less two weeks.


Minuted by: Team ABC