DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4


SUMMARY
- PERSON12 wants to invite PERSON1 to take part in PROJECT4 project.
- He is working on survey about getting sim card, sim card from transformers, from neural network.
- The deadline for OTHER5 is next Monday, June 15th.
- Someone from the project needs to be PERSON12 and PERSON4 have registered for PROJECT2.
- PERSON3 will try to do the same.
- It cost 5000 for full participant, participation is 5000 other2.
- Last year it cost 10000 and it was in LOCATION6 with conference dinner and trip to the seaside.
- PERSON12 is going with PERSON11 to LOCATION4 tomorrow.
- PERSON3 has one more meeting today at 1 p.m. and has a call at 4 pm.
- PERSON4 has holiday tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.
- On Monday PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON12 will PERSON12, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON1 will meet in the afternoon today.
- After lunch they will go for a lonch.
- They need to talk about the book and one long paper for PROJECT3 paper, vision deadline July 1st.
- There will be problem with writing of PROJECT3 paper.
- PERSON3 will talk to the people on LOCATION1 about it.
- PERSON12 promised three papers on big confe, conferences or type D, which is PROJECT7 or PROJECT2 or this which is indexed by PRO PERSON4 has written one paragraph and half of a book yesterday.
- PERSON3 has added two or three pages of text to structure the chapters in section three, four, five and six.
- PERSON11 will write a preface to the book.
- PERSON3 will copy and delete some of the stuff from the chapture and give it to PERSON11.
- PERSON12 is working on a project.
- PERSON1 is going to write in his survey as well.
- PERSON12, PERSON1 and PERSON3 are going to work on the attentions.
- PERSON12 wants to share a section of the paper only once and write it twice.
- PERSON1 can work with PERSON1 on the attention metrices only, from attention heads and yeah, I if PERSON12 would like to regenerate and show more examples from PROJECT5 and PROJECT8 and let people know when the section is finished so that they can read it.
- The deadline for the book is at the end of June, but they want to have it ready by the end PERSON12 wants someone from outside the university to write a survey for the project.
- He thinks PROJECT3 is better than PROJECT7.
- It's only if you go to LOCATION5.
- The deadline was put back to the middle of August.
- PROJECT1 is officialy virtualised.
- LOCATION7 will be held in 2021.
- If you want to go to LOCATION5, it will be virtualised too.
- The conference will be virtualised and there will be an option to participate remotely.
- The abstract submission is due on Monday, June 15th.
- There will be a maximum of three papers per paper.
- The overview track will not be included in the proceedings.
- PERSON1, PERSON12 and PERSON3 are foreigners.
- They want to buy some equipement for their project.
- They need to prepare a survey and submit it to PROJECT7, but it's not possible for PERSON1 to do it.
- They will try to do Half of the grant is for this year.
- There are no bonuses at the moment because of the crisis.
- PERSON7 bought the computer that PERSON12 is now using for some grant.
- PERSON7 bought a laptop from Organizing Committee 4.
- He will pay for PROJECT1 notification in the beginning of August and the black box deadline in September.
- The rest of the group will know how much money they have left in September and how to use it for printing the books PERSON3, PERSON11, PERSON7, PERSON10 and PERSON12 will come to the meeting.
- There might be some food.


Minuted by: Team Synapse