DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON12, PERSON14, PERSON17, PERSON19, PERSON20, PERSON22, PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON8, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- PERSON10 is happy to see that it works even without any installation.
- The IT is restrictive and they are not allowed to install something, but they found a link with a link that says it works.
- PERSON12 has joined and has to unute unmute himself.
- PERSON10, PERSON14 and PERSON16 need to discuss the organization of the IWSLT presentations.
- They need to organize a pre-recorded summary of the results, presentation, and panel.
- They also need to pick the paper to be presented as an paper.
- PERSON8 has received a request from the main organizers to prepare a video for his PROJECT5 submission.
- There was a selection process, which ones to select for the project.
- The deadline was 3 days ago.
- PERSON16's latest proposal was.
- over your paper will be a podcast twice at 9 am and 6 pm Seattle time, with different speakers or papers will be pre-recorded, 20 minutes poster, 5 minutes pre-recording, pre- recorded talks.
- PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON7, PERSON14, PERSON22 and PERSON14 are going to a meeting to discuss the postponed review.
- They need to figure out the date of the new date for the review, because the review will be postponed till September.
- PERSON10, ORGANIZATION5, PERSON2 and PERSON20 are going to prepare the financial tables for the official submission in September.
- The EU gives them 2 months to finalize these numbers.
- ORGANIZATION5 will get the financial table with the deadline of May for a testing purposes.
- PERSON10 and PERSON20 will do a dry run of the salaries.
- The dry run was supposed to take place at the end of May.
- The numbers will be approximate, but it's to test whether they understand each other.
- The final numbers will come in July.
- PERSON10, PERSON14, PERSON22 and PERSON20 are working on the report on NLP technologies.
- They are looking for a reviewer for the report.
- The reviewer on spoken language translation is also missing.
- The report has to be written by ORGANIZATION5 and everyone should contribute their data.
- PERSON10, PERSON20, PERSON4, PERSON14, PERSON19 and PERSON4 need more input in the scientific dissemination part of the report.
- They need more details about the workshop, NLP technologies and the preparations for the workshop.
- The workshop didn't take place because of the Covid crisis.
- Someone also entered the papers, which they published, so they should not be put in the dissemination sheet.
- PERSON10 and PENPERSON22 are discussing the format of the pre-review.
- The papers were only put into the text during the autumn, but they didn't fill them into the table.
- They will have to use some semi-automated system for getting papers.
- PERSON21 has put the paper.
- PERSON6 has is now putting the IWSLT.
- PERSON10 suggests to put the things that are not associated with the paper in the table.
- The sum of dissemination activities will be this table plus the papers.
- PERSON19 converted Bibtech into spreadsheet.
- PERSON10, PERSON11, PERSON12, PERSON14 and ORGANIZATION5 are going to work on the project management guide initial and updates.
- PERSON22 has already volunteered to do ASR systems.
- PERSON12 will review the report on NLP technologies workshop.
- PERSON10 has written a table with the status of all the deliverables.
- They need to submit them by the end of the week or on Monday.
- Some deliverables haven't started yet.
- They will negotiate with the respective reviewer to buy some extra time for them.
- The workshop has not taken place.
- PERSON10, PERSON11, PERSON3, PERSON14, PERSON22 and PERSON15 are confused about the new milestone for the postponed events.
- The new Congress date is from 30th of May to the 3rd of June 2021.
- The workshop itself will be on the 1st of June.
- The demo kept them busy.
- Since yesterday afternoon, the power has been restored.
- PERSON10, PERSON3 and PERSON20 will prepare an internal pole to reduce the number of dates that they offer to the project officer.
- They will fill it during the end of this week.
- On Monday or Tuesday they will have the dates ready and send them to PERSON5.
- The demo will be on the 15th of June.
- PERSON10, PERSON3, PERSON5 and PERSON18 are going to organize a demo in the 2nd half of June.
- They need to make sure that all the components of the demo are replicated.
- PERSON10 wants to ask PERSON18 to ask for a dockerisation.
- PERSON19 wants to have his MT system dockerized.
- He is surprised that his IT system has no docker.
- He will ask PERSON22 and PERSON6 if they can help him with that.
- They will try to package their systems and get back to PERSON10.
- PERSON10, PERSON19, PERSON4, PERSON1, and PERSON17 want to make sure that the ASR systems can be run at ORGANIZATION2 and the translation systems in ORGONIZATION11.
- They also want to integrate PROJECT3 and PROJECT4 systems.
- PERSON9 has the virtual machine for ORGANIZATION2 services up and running.
- The only open point for him is the, GPU configuration.
- He will give the punctuator to ORGONATION6 and the rest to ORGANIZATION11.
- The system package should be ready before the demo.
- PERSON10 wants to avoid updating the systems before the demo.
- He asks all the partners to avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before a demo.
- The production system has to be stable without any new segmenters, any new updates for a long period of time.
- PERSON10 and PERSON19 need to prepare a feature for use.
- They want to test the, the, components, better components.
- They need to translate text to text in another language.
- The current text-to-text translation is text based.
- It works, but it needs to be compared directly against other models.
- PERSON4 and PERSON10 don't want to demo their system.
- The system is tested under research conditions only.
- They want regular regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline.
- They are working on the PROJECT5 test set, which will cover further language pairs and set-ups.
- PERSON10, PERSON3, PERSON15 and PERSON18 will be regularly running different set-ups.
- The frozen fingerprints would be the thing to demo.
- They will move from a research fingerprint to a frozen fingerprint only when they are confident that all the components are stable and they play well together.
- PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON22 and PERSON22 will have a number of demo, dry run sessions again.
- The date for the demo will be chosen.
- They will choose and freeze the fingerprints.
- For some of the videos, they have the correct transcripts and reference translations.
- PERSON10, PERSON19 and PERSON14 want to make use of the Covid crisis to get a little or longer time extension of the project.
- PERSON10 got an email from a project officer, but he hasn't followed up on it yet.
- If they ask for an extension, he will be automatically, but it's not so automatic.
- PERSON10, PERSON14, PENPERSON19, PERSON3 and PERSON3 will decide on June 8th if they want to ask for a 2 or 3-month extension of the project.
- They will let the rest of the team know on June 1st if they agree.
- PERSON10, PERSON8, PERSON14 and PERSON8 will have a discussion on the IWSLT results.
- They will use one of the dry run demo sessions to review the methodology.
- PERSON10 will send the SLT findings PDF.
- PERSON8 is starting to prepare slides and video for the PROJECT5 system paper.
- The deadline for the recorded, demo is the 17th of June.
- The idea is that probably PERSON8 will present with a screen sharing with his head in the corner of the slide.
- A number of doodle pools is to come, for the, for offering slots to the project officer for the demo and for dry run sessions.


Minuted by: Team Synapse