DATE : 2023-05-14
ATTENDEES : PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON12, PERSON14, PERSON17, PERSON19, PERSON20, PERSON22, PERSON3, PERSON4, PERSON8, PERSON9


SUMMARY
- PERSON10, PERSON12, PERSON9, PERSON22, and PERSON14 are meeting to discuss the organization of the IWSLT presentations and the organizing of the panel.
- The presentation of the papers can be pre-recorded, then podcast, at an European time zone time slot, and attend US time zone.
- PERSON10, PERSON14 and PERSON16 will present the results of the project to a panel.
- They will prepare a video for the PROJECT5 submission and prepare posters for the posters.
- They have to organize workshop workshops sessions of 1 or each 1 or 10 people.
- The workshop sessions will be twice a day at 9 am and 6 pm Seattle time.
- PERSON1, PERSON10, PERSON7, PERSON22 and PERSON11 are going to meet to discuss the postponed review.
- They need to figure out the date of the review, because it will be postponed till September, and give the project officer the new date.
- PERSON10 and PERSON2 will prepare the financial tables for the new official submission in September.
- The EU gives them 2 months to finalize these numbers.
- ORGANIZATION5 will get the estimate numbers from ORGANIZATION5.
- Organizer 20 is late, because they don't have all the salaries yet.
- PERSON10, PERSON20 and PERSON14 will do a dry run of the report on NLP technologies at the end of May.
- The reviewer on spoken language translation is missing.
- The report has to be written by ORGANIZATION5 and everyone should contribute their data.
- PERSON10, PERSON20, PERSON4, PERSON14, PERSON19 and PERSON22 need more input on the dissemination of the workshop and NLP technologies.
- They need to collect all the information, ideally Bibtech, for all the papers, which acknowledge PROJECT5.
- PERSON10, PERSON19, PERSON21, PERSON6 and PERSON22 have to prepare a spread sheet with the papers and deliverables for the project management guide initial and updates.
- PERSON19 created a website from Bibtech, which was okay, but it needs to be converted into spreadsheet format.
- PERSON10, PERSON14 and ORGANIZATION5 will do the NLP workshop.
- PERSON12 will review the report on NLP technologies workshop.
- The workshop is for people not familiar with NLP and PERSON12 is the right person to do it.
- PERSON10 has written the Overleafs for all the deliverables.
- They need to submit them by the end of the week or on the last of June.
- Some deliverables haven't started yet.
- The workshop has been postponed.
- The new Congress date is from 30th of May to the 3rd of June 2021.
- PERSON10, PERSON3, PERSON14 and PERSON20 will prepare an internal pole to reduce the number of dates that they offer to the project officer.
- They will fill it during the end of this week.
- On Monday, or Tuesday the latest, they will have the dates ready for the options, ready for PERSON5.
- The options will be sent from the 2nd half of June.
- The demo will take place in on one of the days of the 2nd half of June.
- The technical team needs to make sure that all the components of the demo are replicated.
- The team has already replicated some of the ORGANIZATION11 MT systems, but they haven't provided their systems to others yet.
- PERSON18 proposes a dockerisation for the demo.
- PERSON10, PERSON19, PERSON1, PERSON22, and PERSON6 will try to package their systems and get back to PERSON22 and also PERSON6 for this system.
- They have the ASR systems for Czech, that's PROJECT2 based.
- They also have some Jasper based, but these are not integrated yet because of the missing segmentation.
- The punctuator is GPU based.
- The only open point is the GPU configuration.
- PERSON9, PERSON10 and PERSON19 are going to give the punctuator to ORGANIZATION6 to spread it across the consortium.
- They are also going to update the systems before the demo, so that they are stable and stable for a long period of time.
- PERSON19 and PERSON10 are not a software company, so they don't have the resources to do the updates to their workers shortly before the demo.
- ORGANIZATION2 postponed the demo because of the bomb and power outage.
- PERSON10 wants to test the components of the ASR and translate text to text.
- PERSON4, PERSON10 and PERSON3 don't feel the system is ready for the demo.
- They want to start regular testing of the systems integrated in the pipeline.
- For the demo, they will have frozen fingerprints and for the research, there will be workers with frozen fingerprints for testing.
- PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON19 and PERSON22 are going to have a number of demo, dry run sessions again.
- The date for the demo will be chosen, and they will choose and freeze the fingerprints.
- They will present the videos twice, once with the devset chosen system and the second time with the test set chosen system.
- PERSON19, PERSON10, PERSON14 and PERSON3 are going to ask for a 2-3 month extension of the project.
- They will decide on June 8 and ask for the extension before June 15th.
- They need to fill out a table by mid next week by how many months they would like the project to be extended.
- PERSON10, PERSON8, PERSON3, PERSON19 and PERSON14 are going to have a discussion on the IWSLT results.
- They are also going to do a demo of the system.
- The deadline for the recorded, demo is the 17th of June.
- PERSON8 will share Overleaf for the slides.
- PERSON20, PERSON14, PERSON22, PERSON10 and PERSON3 are saying goodbye to each other by phone.
- They are thanking each other for their good wishes and good wishes.
- .
- i   in the end, they say:


Minuted by: Team Synapse