[PROJECT2] Remote Meeting
Date: 25. 11. 2020
Attendees: [PERSON16], [PERSON13], [PERSON9], [PERSON3], [PERSON7], [PERSON26], [PERSON15], [PERSON24], [PERSON1], [PERSON4], [PERSON21], [PERSON29], [PERSON10], [PERSON25]
Purpose of meeting: discussing [PROJECT2] updates, summaries of progress in various workpackages.

- Two urgent matters to be discussed today.
-- Next week's sessions.
-- Technical preparations for META-FORUM and SG1.

- Admistrative updates.
-- Payments have been sent.
-- A poster is needed for META-FORUM.
--- If anyone has it, they should put it in the repository. 

- META-FORUM.
-- The demo session will happen next Wednesday at 12:30 Berlin time. 
-- Our slot will be one hour long. 
-- We will be primarily showing the technology.
--- Participants can test it themselves.
-- Colleagues are very welcome to join for the summarization part.
-- The META-FORUM session is also to be used as a dry run for other conferences. 
-- [PERSON2] is working at domain adaptation. 
-- If anybody has some potentially useful modal components, get in touch with [PERSON14], [PERSON2] or [PERSON1]. 
--- The components will be evaluated by them with the [PROJECT2] test set. 
-- Discussion about future conferences. 
--- [ORGANIZATION11] congress might be postponed to a much later date. 
--- Probably META-FORUM 2021 will be the main event we are aiming for.   
---- For this event, all the materials about domain adaptation are relevant. 
-- The English ASR system is ready to be tested live next week in the session. 
--- The systems need to be evaluated.
---- Discussion about types of evaluation.
---- [PERSON14] is the main person for testing and running the systems. 
----- He has had some problems with power supply in the past.
------ Because of this, we are looking for people who could replace [PERSON14] if necessary.

- SG1 meeting.
-- Will happen next Thursday, December 3. 
-- Two systems will be running at the same time.
--- 1) computational linguistics domain.
--- 2) [ORGANIZATION11] domain. 
-- In this meeting, we will discuss the postponement of [ORGANIZATION11] congress.

- Participation and input needed from all.
-- All the participants should think about what they can provide for these two events.
--- E.g. new bilingual or multilingual modals, better quality ASR etc.
-- Likely we will have three ASRs.
--- 1) standard cascaded ASR.
--- 2) domain adapted cascaded ASR.
--- 3) fully neural ASR from [ORGANIZATION3]. 

- Discussing the best methods to present the technology. 

- The future of [ORGANIZATION11] congress.
-- It will probably be divided into parts. 
-- The first part will be online only, scheduled to be in April.
--- This is earlier than we planned, important for our system development.
-- In-person meeting will happen when it's safe.

- Discussing deliverables.
-- The plan is to have the full text ready in early December.
-- Final training data: Separating confidential and public version.
--- Good progress in this deliverable. 
-- Integration is on schedule, to be finished in early December. 
-- ESET deadline is December 6.
-- Discussing reviewers. 
-- Systems are being trained for various languages, it all depends on the amount of training data.

- Discussing workpackages.
-- The [ORGANIZATION12] workpackage.
--- It is for us to decide what we want there. 
--- Mainly what's needed is the report from the [PROJECT2] test set and SLTF, evaluating different versions of that. 
--- Working on it. 
-- We need to show collaboration, the more, the better. 
-- Discussing the data set from the European court of auditors.
--- Minor complications: domain auditing data not showing any improvement.
-- Briefly discussing workpackage 4.
-- Discussing the ongoing [ORGANIZATION2] and preliminary session. 
-- Discussing the minuting corpus. 
--- We have more than 9000 segments of meeting and minutes aligned data.
--- Hopefully by early December the data sets should be ready for minuting. 
--- Working a lot on alignment right now, human annotators will do it.   
-- Discussing SLT. 
--- Slow start. 
--- Problematic with verb final languages. 
--- It would be best to use [PROJECT4] for deployment. 
--- Possibly will add somebody new to the team, so that might help with speeding things up.
-- Discussing latency, masking words and the flicker feature.
-- What should be published in our papers is observation from real systems (demos).
--- This is what is missing in the academic papers that are out there.
-- [ORGANIZATION6]'s input.
-- [PERSON6] Srdecny is working on the packaging of all the various components discussed.
-- [ORGANIZATION4]'s input.  
--- More demos will be planned.
-- Discussing ethics.
--- We still don't have the consents. 


Minutes submitted by: [ANNOTATOR1]
