DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON16 is happy to see least half of participants in call.
  call is going to recorded.
 -PERSON16 wants to make sure do it little bit better.
  payments sent week ago.
 -Person8 owes PROJECT1 PDF of poster.
 -Person3, Person3 might have it in repository.
  session is PROJECT PERSON16, PERSON9 going to Project Expo on Wednesday 12 p.
  need to prepare poster, demo for project.
  also need to synchronise presentation with summarization team.
 -PERSON16, PERSON7 going to have demo for SLT on second day of December.
  want to use it as dry run for full conference translation.
 -PERSON2 is working domain adaptation today.
 -PERSON16 wants to know if new ASR systems can tested live next week.
 -PERSON14 wants to have systems evaluated on PROJECT2 test sets.
  wants to know system behaves when it is connected to SLT pipelines.
  system may better in terms of word iterate , it may less effective for machine translation.
  may have to travel 500 km to buy new adaptor.
  technical coordination for PROJECT1, SG1 meeting takes place on 4th Thursday next week.
  SG1 is on December 3rd , not 4th.
 -PERSON16 would like to fine tune ASR for event.
  There going to three ASRs : standard cascaded cascaded ASR , fully neuralmm ASR from ORGANIZATION3 , domain adapted cascaded one from Organization 8.
 -PERSON16 wants to run test cover.
 -PROJECT2 has applied to participate in online part of congress , is already in April.
 -PERSON1 wants to know status of deliverables.
  will ready early in December.
  There is overly f document for.
  Some members of consortium will contribute to.
 -PERSON15 has started template for deli deliverable.
  There thirteen pages in last year.
  There summary of relevant papers, page of description of news.
  For tasks do not have paper yet , p page PERSON13 will ask researcher research lab to do review of data deliverable.
  deadline is 6th of December.
  reviewers A, CC , researcher will probably researcher PERSON5.
  German , Italian , Welsh, Czech will added PERSON7, PERSON16 would like to work together on training languages with neural architecture.
 -PERSON17 has Kaldi based system, neural systems not integrated in way.
 -PERSON16 will talk to PERSON17, try to get PERSON26 in touch with another colleague can help with integration.
 -PERSON14 is main operator of systems.
 -PERSON24 will main person putting numbers together to sensible table.
 -PERSON1 has working with data set from European court of auditors from PROJECT2 test set.
  language identification type processing, cleaning formatting issues.
  shared English Czech version with PERSON6 ago ORGANIZ PERSON16 is interested in evaluation of PROJECT2 test set.
  She will get in touch with D PERSON24 , D PERSON14 , PERSON1, PERSON6.
  will talk timing of evaluation.
 -PERSON15, PERSON7 paper PROJECT3 document level evaluation.
 -PERSON30 PhD on multilingual ASR systems.
 -PERSON15 is collecting data from ongoing ORGANIZATION2, preliminary session.
 -PERSON15 is getting manual transcripts for ten hours of Czech, German.
  verbatim transcripts of force.
  match of time , sometimes do not.
  There is also ORGANIZATION2ST corpus from someone, minuting corpus.
 -PERSON10 hopes by early December data sets ready for minuting.
 -PERSON4 has begun to align co mi minutes to transcripts.
 -PERSON9, PERSON16 interested in simultaneous, endtoend SLT.
 -PERSON9, PERSON16 want to develop speech prediction model , do not have anything in PROJECT4.
 -PERSON9, PERSON16 looking for specialist in C, GPU programming to implement decoding of of files.
 -PERSON27 is working on something moment , it is not going to work.
 -PERSON9, PERSON16 working on study on much space people need to watch videos with subtitles.
  discuss pros, cons of three levels of flicker.
 -PERSON15 has already solicited new information from them.
 -PERSON16 , PERSON21 , PERSON10, PERSON13 working on novel meeting minute alignment metric for coverage.
  submit proposal for share task on automatic summarization of meetings in days.
  Organizing6 has busy period until end of January.
 -PERSON16 , PERSON6 , PERSON13, PERSON29 working on packaging, distributing various components of project.
  planning new talks, speeches for next year.
  will also talk to CEO dissemination.
 -PERSON16 suggests to PERSON29 include demos with ORGANIZATION7 technology in talks.
 -PERSON16, PERSON29 agree to do it.
  organiser, technical people not finish it on time.


Minuted by: Team ABC