DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON16 is happy to see at least half of the participants in the call.
  The call is again going to be recorded.
  They want to make sure that they do it a little bit better than they did before.
  The payments were sent a week ago.
 -PERSON8 owes PROJECT1 PDF of their poster.
 -PERSON3 and PERSON3 might have it in the repository.
  The session is the PROJECT PERSON16 and PERSON9 will the Project Expo on Wednesday at 12 p.
  They need to prepare a poster and a demo for the project.
  They also need to synchronise the presentation with the summarization team.
 -PERSON16 and PERSON7 will have a demo for the SLT on the second day of December.
  They want to use it as a dry run for the full conference translation.
 -PERSON2 worked at the domain adaptation today.
  They want to know if the new ASR systems can be tested live next week.
 -PERSON14 wants to have the systems evaluated on the PROJECT2 test sets.
  He wants to know how the system behaves when it's connected to the SLT pipelines.
  The system may be better in terms of word iterate, but it may be less effective for machine translation.
  He may have to travel 500 km to buy a new adaptor.
  The technical coordination for the PROJECT1 and the SG1 meeting takes place on the 4th Thursday next week.
  The SG1 is on December 3rd, not 4th.
 -PERSON16 would like to fine tune the ASR for the event.
  There will be three ASRs: the standard cascaded cascaded ASR, the fully neuralmm ASR from ORGANIZATION3, and the domain adapted cascaded one from Organization 8.
  They want to run a test under cover.
  PROJECT2 has applied to participate in the online only part of the congress, which is already in April.
 -PERSON1 wants to know the status of the deliverables.
  They will be ready early in December.
  There is an overly f document for this.
  Some members of the consortium will contribute to that.
 -PERSON15 has started the template for the deli deliverable.
  There are thirteen pages in the last year.
  There should be a summary of the relevant papers and a page of description of the news.
  For tasks which do not have a paper yet, there should be p a page PERSON13 will ask the researcher at the research lab to do the review of the data deliverable.
  The deadline is the 6th of December.
  The reviewers are A and CC, the researcher will probably be our researcher PERSON5.
  German, Italian, Welsh and Czech will be added PERSON7 and PERSON16 would like to work together on training languages with the neural architecture.
 -PERSON17 has a Kaldi based system and their neural systems are not integrated in any way.
 -PERSON16 will talk to PERSON17 and try to get PERSON26 in touch with another colleague who can help with integration.
 -PERSON14 is now the main operator of the systems.
 -PERSON24 will be the main person putting the numbers together to a sensible table.
 -PERSON1 has been working with the data set from the European court of auditors from the PROJECT2 test set.
  He's been doing some language identification type processing and cleaning up some formatting issues.
  He shared the English Czech version with PERSON6 a while ago at ORGANIZ PERSON16 is interested in the evaluation of the PROJECT2 test set.
  She will get in touch with D PERSON24, D PERSON14, PERSON1 and PERSON6.
  They will talk about the timing of the evaluation.
 -PERSON15 and PERSON7 had a paper at PROJECT3 about document level evaluation.
 -PERSON30 did his PhD on multilingual ASR systems.
  They are collecting data from the ongoing ORGANIZATION2 and preliminary session.
  They are getting manual transcripts for ten hours of Czech and German.
  They are verbatim transcripts of the force.
  They match most of the time, but sometimes they don't.
  There is also the ORGANIZATION2ST corpus from someone and a minuting corpus.
 -PERSON10 hopes by early December the data sets should be ready for minuting.
 -PERSON4 has just begun to align co mi minutes to transcripts.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON16 are interested in simultaneous and endtoend SLT.
  They and PERSON16 want to develop a speech prediction model, but they don't have anything in PROJECT4.
  They and PERSON16 are looking for a specialist in C and GPU programming to implement the decoding of some of the files.
 -PERSON27 worked on something at the moment, so it's not going to work.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON16 worked on a study on how much space people need to watch videos with subtitles.
  They discussed the pros and cons of three levels of the flicker.
 -PERSON15 has already solicited new information from them.
 -PERSON16, PERSON21, PERSON10 and PERSON13 worked on a novel meeting minute alignment metric for coverage.
  They should submit the proposal for the share task on automatic summarization of meetings in a few days.
  Organizing6 has a busy period until the end of January.
  They, PERSON6, PERSON13 and PERSON29 worked on the packaging and distributing the various components of the project.
  They are planning the new talks and speeches for next year.
  They will also talk to their CEO about the dissemination.
 -PERSON16 suggests to PERSON29 that they should include demos with the ORGANIZATION7 technology in their talks.
  They and PERSON29 agree to do it.
  The organiser and technical people didn't finish it on time.


Minuted by: Team ABC