DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON10, PERSON26, PERSON25, PERSON8 and PERSON9 are on a conference call.
  The session is the PROJECT1 session next Wednesday.
  There are two urgent things that need to be done before the session: the paymen PERSON16 and her colleagues will present a poster and a demo of the technology at the Project Expo on December 2nd at 12 p.
  They are also going to talk about the summarization of the project.
 -PERSON16 wants to use PROJECT1 as a demo for a dry run for the full conference translation.
 -PERSON14 wants to have the systems evaluated on the PROJECT2 test sets.
  He wants to know how the system behaves when it's connected in the SLT pipelines.
  The technical coordination will involve the technical coordination for the PROJECT1 and the SG1 meeting on the 4th Thursday.
 -PERSON16 wants to run a test under cover.
  The conference is probably going to be divided into parts.
  PROJECT2 has applied to be able to participate in the online only part of the conference in April.
  The physical meeting with workshop and marketplace will be postponed until it's safe PERSON16 wants to know what should be in the deliverable for the early December.
 -PERSON15 has prepared a template, but the microphone is not working.
 -PERSON13 and PERSON26 are busy with the PROJECT2 deliverable.
 -PERSON7 will put a comment into the tables.
  They agrees to do the review of the data deliverable.
  The deadline is the 6th of December.
  The reviewer will probably be our researcher PERSON5.
  The training data is about 4 hundred thousand.
  German, Italian and Welsh are being trained.
 -PERSON16 wants to integrate her Kaldi based system with PERSON17's neural implementation, but they don't have the onlinization.
 -PERSON17 is relying on just the implementation of Kaldi, whereas PERSON7 has her own.
  They will talk to PERSON17 and PERSON26 PERSON24 is rejoining the project.
 -PERSON14 is now the main operator of the systems.
 -PERSON24 will be the main person putting the numbers together to a sensible table.
 -PERSON1 worked with the data set from the European court of auditors.
 -PERSON16 wants to know if there is any improvement in the PROJECT2 test set.
  There was a paper at PROJECT3 about document level evaluation and a summary evaluation over the domains.
 -PERSON6 has been collecting documents for a number of languages PERSON15 is collecting data relevant to machine translation.
 -PERSON9 is collecting manual transcripts for ten hours of Czech and German.
 -PERSON15 is getting verbatim transcripts of the organiser's speeches.
 -PERSON10 hopes by early December the data sets should be ready for minuting.
 -PERSON7 and PERSON16 worked with common voice and a Librispeech German corpus.
 -PERSON16 and PERSON9 are dissatisfied with the quality of the tutorial they received from Organization 7.
  They want to implement some of the code in PROJECT4, but they don't have anyone on the team who can do it.
 -PERSON9 and PERSON16 worked on a project.
  They need more people fluent in C and/or in CUDA.
  Some versions of the project have had high latencies due to ASR issues.
  They are running a study on how much space people need to watch videos PERSON16 and PERSON9 worked on machine translation.
  The system is stable, but there is no stability component in the MT systems at the moment.
  The manual evaluation has been tested to some extent, the automatic evaluation is probably being implemented by PERSON21.
 -PERSON16, PERSON13, PERSON21, PERSON10, PERSON29 and PERSON6 worked on various projects.
 -PERSON14 and PERSON25 are helping with versioning among components.
 -PERSON6 worked on packaging of various components and making them dockerable in an easy way.
 -PERSON PERSON16 wants to include demos with the ORGANIZATION7 technology in the dissemination talks.
  The organization doesn't have the necessary consents yet.
  They will send a couple of free slots for the upcoming days.


Minuted by: Team ABC