DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON16, PERSON15 going to start talking.
 -PERSON22 has deadline in six days working on thesis.
  She consults with PERSON21 might do domain adaptation for demo of PROJECT3 project like Per , PerTalk domain adaptation PERSON12 is using data from PERSON12 for thesis.
 -PERSON16 is preparing for demo meeting on Friday.
 -PERSON16 to make backup copy of everything is de deployed.
  Organization 2 could not connect to machines , servers room.
  Organization 3 spare copy of segmenter system , it not fully functional.
 -PERSON4 , PERSON3 , PERSON7, PERSON9 going to share results of evaluation of two systems for demo.
 -PERSON9 is fixing Czech segmenter delay for submission of core project.
  Friday PERSON9 collected data from writing of subtitling, has not done anything with it yet.
  hand , PERSON4 , PERSON5 , PERSON15 working on evaluation of spoken language translation.
 -PERSON4 wants to try modifications of Rainbow model to improve performance on ugly ASR outputs.
  also wants to make subtitles easier to follow by shortening them.
 -PERSON7 will focus on shortening of translation, stability of model.
 -PERSON9 will write it on document.
 -PERSON4 , PERSON2 , PERSON3 , PERSON19, PERSON16 trying to arrange demo on Wednesday , do not know if it will happen on Friday.
  need to prepare dry run session for demo, invite of to help them with PERSON4 asks PERSON10, PERSON6 to prepare baseline workers, also domain adapted including language model.
 -PERSON16 sends short three-minute transcript of demo to PERSON4.
 -PERSON4 will correct 3-minute-long short video.
 -PERSON11 will split videos into four files : English, Czech for first one , full in English , full in Czech.
 -PERSON21 is cutting videos have separate English track, PERSON4 asks PERSON16, PERSON10 to prepare transcripts for non-adapted workers.
  deadline for is for Friday next Friday.
  will measure scores as well for when PERSON6 injects Czech language model later.
 -PERSON22 will get in touch with PERSON12 to get domain data from him.
  will put videos, data to one talk level adaptation sub drive.
 -PERSON16 , PERSON4 , PERSON19 , PERSON21, PERSON22 going to meet on Thursday morning.
  need to organise demo , vid video, data sources talk level adaptation in specific directory.
  data from PERSON12 used to create adapted PERSON22, PERSON4 want to train ORGANIZATION4 system based on one provided by PERSON21.
  want to put it into back of heads as improvement for English , ASR system.
  need to prepare set of test sessions PERSON16 , PERSON4, PERSON22 going to prepare demo document for PROJECT3 system.
  need to make copies of models will used in demo.
  workers have to signed with unique signature.
  also need to have PERSON7 wants to know worker actually used.


Minuted by: Team ABC